rt : i read ’s “how to make wealth” in hackers &amp; painters when i was in my mid twenties. it’s one of those pieces that…
rt : dude bookmarks are an awesome twitter feature, especially when preparing for a twitter spaces where you want to talk about pa…
event horizon balance beam
rt : oh that’s actually pretty cool!
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 54 starlink satellites to orbit →
rt : holiday update rolling out now 🎅
the internetz
what a tool
to get blue verified for $7/month, sign up via web browser at
rt : apple should support free speech.
he has a prominent, active twitter account and is wealthy. the reason he confronted me in public was to get a big payout. from what i’ve been told, he’s done almost no work for the past four months, middle-management or otherwise. despite his claims on twitter that he did…
correct
ai ml llm lstm gpt diffusion
rt : we’re staying vigilant against attempts to manipulate conversations about the 2022 us midterms. read on for independent analysi…
rt : tonight, 84% of big game tv advertisers tweeted about their campaigns. thank you for tweeting with us.
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 go !!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
rt : it was great to see take a big step forward with starship's hot fire test! starship is integral to ’s moo…
rt : falcon 9 and dragon vertical on launch complex 39a; targeting wednesday, october 5 for launch of the crew-5 mission →
risks of training on your own data set
99% of journalism is reading someone else’s story on the internet, changing it up a little &amp; pressing send
sickonolfi has zero journalistic integrity
sickonolfi’s pack of attack chihuahuas are burning up phone lines today for revenge after his bogus article 🤣🤣
______, ______ your 👖 are on 🔥
bots incoming …
thankfully, you lose your chairmanship very soon. your brain is too small.
noted
rt : apple should be more transparent about their processes and probably not have such a monopoly
their full name is “business insider trading”. they always forget that last word for some reason. 🤔
rt : falcon 9 launches the first all-private human spaceflight mission to the
twitter drives a massive number of clicks to other websites/apps. biggest click driver on the internet by far.
rt : update on our efforts to combat hateful conduct: we've not only mitigated the recent surge in harmful behavior, but have reduce…
rt : watch launch of cosmo-skymed second generation fm2 →
nyt is also expert at space flight, but at least they issue corrections (49 years later)
please vote in this poll! ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️
you can almost hear that snap of the rubber glove before chess match cavity searches …
my version of occam’s razor: most entertaining outcome is most likely …
“talent hits a target no one else can hit, genius hits a target no one can see (cause it’s in ur butt)” – schopenhauer
it was inevitable
which one would win?
… attack on the military-industrial complex. the lobbying power of large government contractors is far higher than it should be for the good of the people.
wow
gibson is really that buff these days?
yup
wow
vampire survivors
wow
🤷‍♂️
wow
ftw!
yea
odd
yes
now $1.25
humankind 煮豆燃豆萁 豆在釜中泣 本是同根生 相煎何太急
♥️♥️ congrats tesla team! ♥️♥️
canada usa mexico
"if one day, my words are against science, choose science." mustafa kemal atatürk
atatürk anıtkabir
500 ft so far. should be 2 miles long in three or four months and hopefully stretch the whole 405 n-s c…
picture of the boring company la tunnel taken yesterday
whiskey, fire, s’mores and jc also, hotdog or not hotdog?
campfire on the gigafactory roof
just feed it the godfather movies as input. what’s the worst that could happen?
groan
it won't even need to ask you most of the time
not ready to do a proper announcement yet, but maybe in a month or so. maryland has been a…
but the hat is real!
congratulations to coulter tilton of missouri, buyer of hat 5000! you have won a free hat signed by the boring team.
there is an actual tunnel and it's getting longer every day
it all comes full circle
second boring machine almost ready. will be called line-storm, after the poem by frost. "and be my love in the rain…
and credit for the logo art to jj abrams
the world's most boring hat
amazing sim of neutron stars colliding
that was a joke. i didn't realize people actually used those.
yesterday's reddit ask me anything about bfr. you're welcome nk!
that's just to win our hyperloop student competition in ~1 mile tube. practical version w…
party time!
to be more inclusive, how about a "pick your tech level" setting. could make the tesla sound like horse…
this weekend
just posted a photo
very high pressure air cold gas thruster
the model 3 body line slowed down to 1/10th speed
there is only one config being built right now, so the only question…
bear in mind that the production ramp is an exponential curve. late…
yeah
probably 6 to 8 weeks
you'll know as soon as we do. we are deep in production hell 🔥
or do you?
tesla semi unveil now nov 16. diverting resources to fix model 3 bottlenecks &amp; increase battery production for puer…
not good. sounds like some 3rd party installers are taking advantage o…
the internal tesla powerwall install team in pr is very small right now. sending experi…
hell yeah, with that crew, we will party like escobar and cobain wish they could've partied!!
i know that closet is nice and warm, but it's time you admitted you are one of the creators of the ne…
final episode was disgustingly good
aiming for two rocket landings in 48 hours this weekend
it would need to refill to return, but it could get to jupiter with low payload
yup :)
fly to most places on earth in under 30 mins and anywhere in under 60. cost per seat should be…
bfr will take you anywhere on earth in less than 60 mins
mars city opposite of earth. dawn and dusk sky are blue on mars and day sky is red.
moon base alpha
will be announcing something really special at today's talk
just another day in the office
good nyt article from several years ago about the value of fiction
major improvements &amp; some unexpected applications to be unveiled on friday at in australia
presentation of interplanetary spaceship &amp; rocket design from 2016
of course :)
tesla semi truck unveil &amp; test ride tentatively scheduled for oct 26th in hawthorne. worth seeing this beast in person. it's unreal.
yes
exactly
astronaut spacesuit next to crew dragon
fun, exciting tweets coming soon!
sorry about that. you're right. i was depressing myself too :(
govts don't need to follow normal laws. they will obtain ai developed by companies at gunpoint, if necessary.
should be low on our list of concerns for civilizational existential risk. nk has no entangling alliances…
may be initiated not by the country leaders, but one of the ai's, if it decides that a prepemptive st…
zeroth law
not a bad idea. for sure, it makes sense to test ai for safety in some kind of open world / sandbox virtual world.
in about six months or so. linked to dual motor config.
tunnels are sealed to 5 atmospheres of water &amp; gas pressure. just need walls around the apertures.
not sure, but probably
feature coming soon
they're so real. anyone going to that much trouble must really care. i'd gladly follow their comma…
worth reading life 3.0 by . ai will be the best or worst thing ever for humanity, so let’s get it right.
not that this is remotely equiv to man on the moon, but there is a world…
actually, no, his architecture was different. also, thinking of going to…
the ai could def find us there, but maybe it won't care
no such thing as true vacuum, so actually yes
congratulations to warr team from tech univ munich for winning 2nd competition! peak speed of 324 km/h, which is over 200 mph!!
just arrived at the competition final. student teams have amazing talent!
i hope they and any others trying to advance transport technology succeed
sorry! coming next year, along with completing the trans-canada highway and interconnecting us, mexico and central america.
funny thing is, whenever i suggest all companies go to zero incentives, room gets very…
the latter. there are pretty long gaps betw…
from last year, but still my favorite video of the falcon 9 rocket booster returning from space…
tesla does not really have "ttunes". that's a joke.
will be hanging with my little chum, gary, on sunday
let me check on that for you. found the answer right here: 🔥💩
max velocity: mach 6.9 max altitude: 247 km highest so far, but velocity matters much more
probably 2m or so
exactly. yeah.
intentionally? yes
it is approximately the size of a carrot
yeah. it's kinda disgusting, but my boys and i love it :)
yes :)
pics of spacex spacesuit developed for nasa commercial crew program coming out next week. undergoing ocean landing mobility/safety tests.
at some point. features are prioritized by importance * number of owners likely to benefit.
but you can check it out on . btw, this isn't a video, like cliff diving or fake rocket landings, that matters if it's reversed.
wigs me out too much. deleting ...
yes, just that the permitting process is slow
first draft animation of the falcon heavy three core launch. fh is twice the thrust of the next…
if you're not concerned about ai safety, you should be. vastly more risk than north korea.
openai first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive esports. vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess &amp; go.
coming soon ...
hi mom!
this is about as true as time being a paragon of great journalism. please spend at least 8 seconds checking your facts.
just because i have the outfit and the awesome weapons doesn't make me a ninja. that requires years of training.
there are dozens of bogus or half-true anecdotes don't really matter &amp; maybe 5 to 10 t…
true, there are frequent complaint expansion packs
except for complaining. that has remained constant throughout history at 100/100.
looking forward to launching astronauts to the international space station next year!
batteries!
i'm sure there are better answers than what i do, which is just take the pain and make s…
maybe not medically tho. dunno. bad feelings correlate to bad events, so maybe real pro…
yes
probably middle of next year. focus now is on getting out of model 3 production hell. more versions = deeper in hell.
second
setting up for model 3 handover tomorrow night ...
falcon heavy maiden launch this november
tesla team will verify
testing the boring company car elevator
movie on the subject coming soon...
often comes as a surprise when people learn that 80% of my time is on engineering/design and just 20% on other stuff
a 9m diameter vehicle fits in our existing factories ...
city of chicago already approached us about doing a high speed tunnel from o'hare to downtown. they've been great.
for sure. first set of tunnels are to alleviate greater la urban congestion. will start ny-dc in par…
support would be much appreciated!
just received verbal govt approval for the boring company to build an underground ny-phil-balt-dc hyperloop. ny-dc in 29 mins.
not attacking electrek. just making sure people don't have the wrong impression.
yeah, otherwise hard to find them
small thing (very small), but i made it this way for those who care and understand. source and appearance are the same.
it's what you don't say
i do have one question. what does godaddy mean?
good point
yes
stay tuned
other orgs shd also develop reusable orbital rockets. if an airplane co had reusable airplanes, buying single use a…
cool!
that pizza looked about as appetizing as drywall. if anything, they were doing peopl…
first production model 3
production unit 1 of model 3 is now built and going through final checkout. pics soon.
stop biting my finger dammit
spacex team reviewed all systems again late last night. done our best to ensure all is good.
we're going to spend the 4th doing a full review of rocket &amp; pad systems. launch no earlier than 5th/6th. o…
handover party for first 30 customer model 3's on the 28th! production grows exponentially, so aug should be 100 cars and sept above 1500.
coming later today
i think einstein said that
just installed steel skeleton of the car/pod elevator. should be operating next week.
perspective
news on sunday
yes, but arguably that's worse
just try one. it's way better than you think.
not as much as tunnels though
i love floors
sped up version of today's rocket landing on the droneship just read the instructions (guess it…
getting closer to fairing recovery and reuse. had some problems with the steerable parachute. should…
not only that, it has all the wifis and 3g is coming soon
true, but that's a minor factor for rockets
no, but shielding got fragged every flight. more control authority is for falcon heavy, but also enable…
slightly heavier than shielded aluminum, but more control authority and can be reused indefinitely with no touch ups
in life, there are no easy choices …
radiation
groan
over 1000 km should be possible in a 100d with the right tires
ujelly?
don't be jelly, but i just received a monogrammed iphone case with a gold-plated chain, cat ears &amp; three-leaved clo…
if schedule holds there will be two falcon 9 launches within 48 hours (cape &amp; vandenberg) this weekend
colonizing mars (thanks prof hubbard for creating this from my talk). major changes to the plan coming soon.
$300m cost diff between spacex and boeing/lockheed exceeds avg value of satellite, so flying with spacex means sate…
in discussions with the government of india requesting temporary relief on import penalties/restrictions…
that would an interesting target. would, of course, only count if capable of doing so right off the pro…
how'd you know?
linux kernel update was way harder than anticipated. giant improvement, but mean…
new kernel goes out next weekend, new web browser next month. radar-only braking…
i've written two forward-looking master plans, but haven't told the tesla history of ho…
you may have heard of the person who put it together
long way to go, but we've convinced most of the auto industry to start ev programs &amp; gave them all o…
nothing to do w govt incentives or making money. thought 90% prob of losing it all (almost did many times), but it was the only chance.
few people know that we started tesla when gm forcibly recalled all electric cars from customers in 2003 &amp; then crushed them in a junkyard
good point, will add "cancel nav" to voice commands
must ipso facto half not bee
yes
just depends on whether you like a sedan or suv. sedan goes faster, suv has more room.
not yet
it's on the car. might add it to the tesla app at some point, so you get it on your phone if you have a powerwall or tesla solar.
just wish they would stop sticking pins in voodoo dolls of me. that hurts, ok?
could be worse
once you add the vintage record player, it's all good
or is it more about the way you use it?
also, we will have a very high headcount around each gigafactory keeping it running.…
was just at the dmv &amp; dude had the actual sloth from zootopia on his desk
most people don't realize you can see dragon approach the space station from the ground, even in la
it's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. good. that's how it is for cars &amp; airplanes and how it should be for rockets.
india commits to sell only electric cars by 2030. it is already the largest market for solar power.
under paris deal, china committed to produce as much clean electricity by 2030 as the us does from all sources today
piggyback rides around the opera house
old-school fidget spinner back when the only things to play with were squirrels and rocks
there will be a combined booster static fire. maybe a few.
btw, that cloud is almost entirely steam, including dark parts (like a storm). this is what the launch looks like:
only if you want pure joy mainlined straight into your brain
we could add that function pretty easily from a technical standpoint. just need to add in the billing software.
can be set higher than that for highways, but limited to +5mph or +8km/h off highway (true avg drive…
s for sure. it is a bigger car.
yeah, control algorithm is safe, but unpleasant. new one is even safer, but super smooth.
almost there, plus much improved web browser
yes
still agree with tim's points. what "you" are is an evolving, mind-body pattern, but there's still a co…
we got stuck
gary the snail is like speedy gonzales on meth ... or ambien. one of the two. either way, godot, our…
imma gonna dig that tunnel with this here hammer
[warning, this may cause motion sickness or seizures] this is a test run of our electric sled…
the race between gary, our pet snail who lives in a pineapple, and godot, our tunnel boring…
cutterhead in operation at standard industry speed. planning to jack this up by a factor of ten…
naming theme for tunnel boring machines will be poems &amp; plays. decided against plays &amp; poems. too obvious.
will do our best. hopefully, yes.
yes
solar roof can be ordered for almost any country. deployment this year in the us and overseas next year.
headed to see guardians 2 w my bro and kids. loved the first one.
i do love banks, but perhaps we should reserve his names for the droneships
i know what you're thinking … then why not "the third"? well, i've learned my lesson about 3's.
by calling it "the second", it has more credibility
will definitely do that on my next trip
having moo moo at moo moo gold coast with amberheard, and
that is the aspiration: to avoid ai becoming other.
stormy weather in shortville ...
it's just a helicopter in helicopter's clothing
pretty good
def p100d with ludicrous+, although the rocket starts going a lot faster after that
working on it
good point, odds go from 0% to &gt;0% :)
browser is already a little better. kernel and browser update in prob 6 weeks or so (lots of underlyin…
incredibly proud of the spacex team for achieving this milestone in space! next goal is reflight within 24 hours.
made today on tesla sketch pad
very few. we have yet to do a china (or europe) launch of model 3.
you won't care
we cannot make all country versions simultaneously or the production start would be a disaster. you would get first in norway.
yeah
start taking orders in april
yeah, probably a year from now. s will still win on acceleration though, due to having more space for a larger battery.
nothing majorly new that a consumer would notice. lots of new tech in the design and production process though.
tues/wed
yes, but not until next year
yes. hardware already on all production s and x cars.
sorta. model 3 is like a bmw 3 series or audi a4. model s is like bmw 5 and 6 series, but much faste…
all tesla cars built since oct last year will be capable of self-driving as software improves
i hope that didn't work
~spawn npc.alien
i wish. it's so annoying.
finally, an explanation for daylight savings that makes sense ...
it's been a bear to get done, but prob 10 days or so, depending on full speed autosteer test results
high voltage dc is for sure the best way to transmit electricity over long distances. good explanat…
$250/kwh at the pack level for 100mwh+ systems. tesla is moving to fixed and open pricing and terms for all products.
tesla will get the system installed and working 100 days from contract signature or it is free. that serious enough for you?
self-hatred
thank you for the lovely letter. that sounds like a great idea. we'll do it!
of course
maybe one of those too
good chance it will
minor improvements update this weekend. high speed autosteer in about two weeks.
excellent tesla model x review
uses high pressure bleed off the fuel side (rp-1 kerosene) turbopump, so no dedicated pump or fluid needed
spacex's photo
looks like we are go for launch. added an abort trigger at t-60 secs for pressure decay of upper stage helium spin start system.
investigating a (very small) leak in the upper stage. if ok, will launch tomorrow.
it's much easier to do the cgi that way
yeah, exactly. so that makes it cool, right!?
yeah, awesome achievement by isro. very impressive!
apparently, there is this thing called "dad jokes" and i make them
best place to watch is on the cape causeway
falcon 9 rocket now vertical at cape canaveral on launch complex 39-a. this is the same launch…
please check your facts. tesla and spacex joined as soon as we received the filing, which was monday.
should all be uploaded by next month
yes
hoping for summer this year
also, tesla service can remove front trunk liner if you don't use it and improve performance further
no plans to take x, s (or 3) above 100 kwh. semi necessarily and pickup truck maybe will go above.
production tesla model s p100dl sets motor trend all-time world record to 60 mph in 2.27 sec
signing off now. that was more than enough twitter trouble for one morning!
app update is about two weeks out. linux kernel and browser update probably a month or so. hw2 autopilot has priority.
almost there. we are just being very careful with the rollout.
yeah, it is hard to convey complex ideas in 140 chars and tone is lost in text
people should push to have as many moderates advising the president as possible. blind hate is never the right answer.
rolling out a new update today.
really? i already have both feet in my mouth and am levitating on my own idiocy...
not perfect &amp; cd be better, but 10th out of 200+ countries with only a 0.08 diff to "1st" place means it's essentially on par
needs a major overhaul
yeah. and twitter is a hater hellscape.
good grief, i'm not "working" for trump. i'm trying to provide advice that helps take things in a more positive direction.
actually, i think it's kinda cool :)
you're right. politics is a no-win situation. somebody is going to hate what you say no matter what that is.
the remedy for that is changing the law
there are many good legal systems on par with us. just don't know any that are better.
many in america don't realize how proud they should be of the legal system. not perfect, but nowhere is the cause of justice better served.
maybe my favorite mug ever
i wish!
nuances are important :)
rainbows, unicorns and electric cars
26 ft diameter tunnel running 2 miles under d.c.
really don't want to get in politics. i just want to help invent and develop technologies that improve lives. feels so bizarre.
yes, for now, but this should be addressed on all fronts: judicial, legislative and executive.
reading the source material is better than reading other people's opinions about the source material
the blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily muslim countries is not the best way to address the country’s challenges
and we start digging the tunnel tonight
earthquakes tend to have the biggest effect on the surface, like waves on water. that's why la can…
yup
exciting progress on the tunnel front. plan to start digging in a month or so.
rex tillerson supports a carbon tax. this is what is really needed to move the needle.
i'm just saying that we should see what happens first. the actions may be surprising.
no they don't
that may be a difficult award to decline
rex is an exceptionally competent executive, understands geopolitics and knows how to win for his team. his team is now the usa.
yes, safety should improve significantly due to autonomy features, even if regs disallow no driver present
autonomy capability should improve via ota every 2 to 6 weeks
for now
tesla will never stop innovating. people are buying the wrong car if they expect this. there will be maj…
giant x made of model x's by tesla owners in china!
autopilot for hw2 rolling out to all hw2 cars today. please be cautious. some cars will require adjustment of camera pitch angle by service.
not specifically, but there have been several incidences of pedestrian and bicyclist lives saved by autopilot
looking good so far. should roll out this weekend.
not the ideal ending
rewatched "ghost in the shell" and the end of "colossus: the forbin project"
hw2 autopilot now downloading to all hw2 cars, but in non-actuating mode to assess reliability. if looks good, actuation by end of week.
liftoff
it will
new rev for autopilot hw2 rolling out mon to first 1000 &amp; to rest of fleet in shadow mode. also improves hw1 and enables ludicrous+.
hold-down firing of falcon 9 at vandenberg air force completed. all systems are go for launch next week.
deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
if you don't like the p100dl, you can give it back
should complete in 2017. one is def planned for swift current, near my cousin's wheat farm where i had my 18th bday.
night is easy. twilight is hardest.
8.1, which hopefully goes out next week.
tesla autopilot vision neural net now working well. just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
i am actually going to do this
we are going to modify this so that people only pay a fee if most bays are occupied. if the site is ba…
boring, it's what we do
forming a rocket nozzle
model s smashes into semi truck trailer and lifts it off the ground. driver walks away.
we could enable that, although the cameras use grey, grey, grey, red detection, so it would look a little greyish red :)
both uv and ir (for heat) reflective. i burn easily &amp; then my nose looks like rudolph the reindeer, so i totally understand.
next software update fixes that
it is not actually left-handed
use buttons on left side of steering wheel
in addition, we reinforced the surrounding body structure for improved safety (was already 5 star in all categories).
will be on with ron baron in about half an hour
institutional shareholder services, world's top independent evaluator, recommends in favor of tesla-solarcity merger
yes
strongly net positive
solar glass tiles can also incorporate heating elements, like rear defroster on a car, to clear roof of snow and keep generating energy
solar roof plus powerwall 2.0 launch event will be webcast live on at 5:30pm pdt tomorrow
solar roof unveil now at 5:30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) california time tomorrow.
fixing, but in a slightly different way
tesla drives itself (no human input at all) thru urban streets to highway to streets, then finds a parking spot
will post video of a tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. that was what took the extra couple of days.
obviously wrong
coal-mining ceo: 'tesla is a fraud' via
i agree. speed of light is a point in favor of the sim.
cumulative tesla autopilot miles now at 222 million
lot of circumstantial evidence for that hypothesis
thus i deserve to be top of the target list? maybe there's a dude who really digs the color gold who is slightly more deserving…
no irony or uhh "shade" meant here. t's character is excellent and well-played. worth seeing.
yes
corrective action taken. seems to be limited to a small number of cases, but thanks for lett…
am tracking this down ... super important to be fair. there are zero discounts even for family and friends.
a million humans could live on mars by the 2060s via
meant to say 200 ar for production vac engine. dev will be up to 150. beyond that, too much flow separation in earth atmos.
yes
pretty close
production raptor goal is specific impulse of 382 seconds and thrust of 3 mn (~310 metric tons) at 300 bar
good forbes article on tesla/solarcity merger
thanks for ordering a car!
i read a story about a father whose son died incredibly quickly. can be as little as half an hour in hot sun.
can be turned on or off. v8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
tesla keeps temp below 40c/105f by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on ac when needed. can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
my favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
v8.0 starts downloading tonight. release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. many car configs, many environments.
sounds about right
won't affect performance
glad you like it! i think we will probably stop at 100 kwh on battery size.
comprehensive study by autolist shows that a tesla retains its value far better than gasoline sedans
scientists: earth endangered by new strain of fact-resistant humans via
climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd
nope, it wasn't me
particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. may come from rocket or something else.
major improvements to autopilot coming with v8.0 and 8.1 software (std ota update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
uh oh
making progress. maybe something to announce in a few months. have played all prior deus ex. not this one yet.
over the entrance of
true
will try out this weekend. maybe reality is just a series of nested simulations all the way down ...
would like to thank and jensen for donating the first dgx-1 ai supercomputer to in support of democratizing ai technology
sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
model y (compact suv) off model 3 chassis. tesla bus/minibus/spacebus off model x.
glad people had a great time!
gigafactory in units of hamster
the libertarian argument for a carbon tax
as long as i'm alive
autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in ny (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs)
great game. whole fallout series is amazing.
both should have been done under the same corporate umbrella from the beginning
tesla master plan, part deux
yup
can't wait to see all three cores of falcon heavy come back for landings! first two will be almost simultaneous.
tesla customers are v smart &amp; don't want media speaking on their behalf abt autopilot. recent poll: 0.0% want it disabled -- not 0.1%, 0.0%.
sensible article on autopilot by guardian
logs were downloaded for nhtsa and ntsb. identical copies to all.
good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
certainly moderate and maybe big advances w no incremental hardware
only just gained access to physical vehicle
maybe didn't realize he turned it off, but the car does issue a loud chime and a visual warning on the instrument cluster.
we don't mind taking the heat for customer safety. it is the right thing to do. from
already taken care of
i like your tweets!
us is ~11 deaths per billion miles. ww is 17 deaths per billion. autopilot already much better than either so far.
unless we get there and find it isn't enough. just won't be before 1b.
exactly
thought i was posting reuters. copied the wrong link.
probably six months. will include hundreds of refinements to handle rare corner cases in autopilot.
thanks
true, good point
cool, thanks :)
tesla tesla autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
my son recently asked what my favorite animal was. well, of course …
exactly
we *def* don't recommended this, but model s floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. thrust via wheel rotation.
thanks tyler
quite rapid... yes
looks like thrust was low on 1 of 3 landing engines. high g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
ascent phase &amp; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a rud on droneship
highly recommend anything by sean carroll
that, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
and, no, i'm not an alien...but i used to be one
latest science predicts &gt; trillion alien civilizations. either they don't last long or there are a *lot* of aliens
of greater concern: 37 of 40 suspension complaints to nhtsa were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
nice comment about the model s by cvk on
yes
would like to clarify that tesla is working exclusively with panasonic for model 3 cells. news articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
i love douglas adams! my favorite spaceship ever is in hhgttg.
exactly
it is simulations all the way down
yay, baby made it home!
good summary of tesla annual meeting by
so it was good for you too ...
rocket landing speed was close to design max &amp; used up contingency crush core, hence back &amp; forth motion. prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
satellite deployed to 91,000 km apogee. all looks good.
there was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
yes, but it is false of merc news to say that tesla took advantage of low cost labor. we paid $55/hr. that is unequivocal.
response to a mercury news article about an injury on our premises
yes
yup
dog snuggle thread on reddit. comments get really good.
it's probably the ambien
full credit to the team that's doing this. all happening without any help from me.
coming soon
thank goodness all are ok
yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. that's important to minimize gravity losses.
may need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
have been reviewing end of line production quality personally. slowed things down temporarily, but it's for the best.
next month (with a lot of other good stuff)
falcon heavy thrust will be 5.1m lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. it's a beast...
no cross feed. it would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
yes, several times
checking into it ...
a 3 should be workable, but an s or particularly an x would be better
that article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. wager right now that sun has received far more than tesla?
looks like model x resale value is holding up well :)
we have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of qa. several parts being replaced as a result.
by land and sea
will be interesting to see what the meantime to hitler is for these bots. only took microsoft's tay a day.
godot full play
thanks
thanks for your support! looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. getting to space needs none.
doesn't sound right. will check into it.
most telling is that the spacex propulsion cto switched from driving a porsche 911 turbo s to a model x
model x review
probably unwise
won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
yes
yes
sounds good
signing off from impromptu twitter ama. thanks for the suggestions. btw, we really will have more cow bells.
yes, coming this year
air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
hopefully 0.21
what's the link to that?
and, of course, it will have more cowbells.
model 3 will be rwd, with dual motor awd optional. even rwd will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of tesla drivetrain.
superchargers and service centers will cover all of italy later this year
edge and contour refinement are ongoing. even .1mm matters.
it will make sense after part 2 of the model 3 unveil
a model 3 order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
there will be an optional tow hitch.
276k model 3 orders by end of sat
model 3 design sketches
maybe 1/4 to 1/2 of what happened. no one at tesla thought it would be this high before part 2 of the unveil.
253k as of 7am this morning
thanks!
now 232k orders
giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind &amp; geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
hi alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in tesla. i hope you have a great experience with the car.
definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
will include india-wide supercharger network
sure!
just order the spacex option package!
from almost anywhere
tomorrow is part 1 of the model 3 unveil. part 2, which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
you can now buy cruise ship tickets for the arctic passage. seeing is believing.
looks like we may need to increase production plans for the model 3
the aei meeting wasn't secret and i was only there for a few hours to talk about mars and sustainable energy. nothing to do with trump.
wasn't done at my request. good hacking is a gift.
target altitude of 40,600 km achieved. thanks for riding on falcon 9! looking forward to future missions.
. spacex has not donated to any presidential campaign
checking ...
launch aborted on low thrust alarm. rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
af has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. scrambling helo to get them to move.
great leg room for 3rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
that said, the white interior is the best. highly recommend.
heavy use of the white causes splitting. adding backing material to strengthen. will be upgraded at no cost.
next gen atlas robot
coming later this year
there is no way it is only 0.5%, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as 50%.
global economy of $100t is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so imf estimate of $5t or 5% for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
just wanted to thank stu g for know it meant a lot to you. will take good care.
more details on model 3 unveil in coming weeks. that's it for now.
must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. just not physically possible to return to launch site
probably
maybe some debris ingestion. engine data looks ok. will borescope tonight. this is one of the outer engines.
sad to hear that david bowie died. he was amazing.
tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. will do same in reverse for unsummon.
worth reading the machine stops, an old story by e. m. forster
falcon 9 back in the hangar at cape canaveral. no damage found, ready to fire again.
high res video of landing from the helo
thanks jon!
11 satellites deployed to target orbit and falcon has landed back at cape canaveral. headed to lz-1. welcome back, baby!
launch &amp; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from cape canaveral public causeway at 8:33pm local tmrw
currently looking good for a sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at cape canaveral
abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. adjusting thresholds and restarting count at t-10 mins.
not really my letter (no authorship contribution). just agreed to add my name when they asked.
good summary of my talk in paris on climate change
about to give a talk at the sorbonne
yep, good points. i hope you get back into space some day!
it is, however, important to clear up the difference between "space" and "orbit", as described well by
current production is lte. can be upgraded by service.
yay! always happy to make others happy
big ui update coming in v7.1
autopilot release to europe and asia pending regulatory approval. hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
watched the whole series. one of the best tv shows ever.
sure :)
v7.1
some exciting news this week: tesla version 7 software with autopilot goes to wide release on thursday!
peak temp increases due to climate change
front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
thanks, that's a great idea. i think we can do that.
in expendable mode, falcon heavy can send a fully loaded dragon to mars or a light dragon to jupiter's moons. europa mission wd be cool.
new model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence 2 billion years ago near galactic center
the car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of ai weaponry. sooner isn't better.
if you’re against a military ai arms race, please sign this open letter:
model s product call at 11 today. rocket discussion at noon on monday.
thanks david
falcon 9 experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
thanks christie
my favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. still so damn intense. looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
wow!
droneship is fine. no hull breach and repairs are minor. impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
if this works, i'm treating myself to a volcano lair. it's time.
ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. big ocean, small ship. posting vid shortly
ascent successful. dragon enroute to space station. rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
have asked solarcity if we can do something philanthropic with the ca aqueducts to help the water crisis. investigating…
battery "breakthroughs" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. they usually fail on energy.
welcome to . he will apply formula 1 techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
you had me at sheen or gaddafi. must admit to liking "the fault in our stars" too. sad, romantic and beautifully named
solarcity just hit a new daily energy record of 5gwh two weeks after reaching 4gwh
flying car pros: travel in 3d fast. cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
reading look to windward by banks. he is an amazing writer. pantheon level.
just changed them to full public domain
however, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. hopefully not.
the ancient egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
the rumor that i'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet mars is totally untrue
seems like an opportune moment to bring up the fermi paradox, aka "where are the aliens?" really odd that we see no sign of them.
model s in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in norway (no tire chains or studs)
there is no slowdown of the gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near reno with eyes can verify. it's not subtle.
landing on a stormy sea
rocket soft landed in the ocean within 10m of target &amp; nicely vertical! high probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
primary mission on target. spacecraft head towards the sun! all good there.
can't delay any longer. must proceed with primary mission to launch the deep space climate observatory spacecraft.
dragon splashdown off the california coast
launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the cape, but dragon still inbound from orbit in 90 mins
air force tracking radar went down. launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
launching our 1st deep space mission today. headed to earth-sun l1 gravity null point at 1m miles, 4x further than moon.
if you are curious about the p85d, you can schedule a test drive here:
p85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
reason is newton's third law. in vacuum, there is nothing to "push" against. you must react against ejected mass.
if u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
west coast droneship under construction will be named "of course i still love you"
good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly ai
good piece
next rocket landing on drone ship in 2 to 3 weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. at least it shd explode for a diff reason.
rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
upcoming flight already has 50% more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
launching in one minute
btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. for realz.
model s range curves in detail by version
roadster upgrade details
i'd recommend competing for the $10m learning xprize. illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. maybe flight 21.
testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
tesla comic book
dual motor model s with autopilot
long exposure of asiasat 6 transiting to geo orbit over china
launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
model s limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
that has been my goal from the beginning. need the gigafactory for model 3.
three engine f9r dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. no injuries or near injuries. rockets are tricky …
yes. technically model 3 or maybe three horizontal bars. won't be three vertical bars.
am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
flight 10 of falcon 9 was good. all six orbcomm satellites deployed on target.
tesla superchargers delivered over 1gwh last month. long distance driving growing exponentially
test flight of falcon 9-r with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
regarding tesla patents
recording of dragon v2 unveil at
when we launch i want to know that spacex has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. only a few more years to go.
either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the dod inspector general per 's request
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
i would be happy to help
sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new dragon mk 2 spaceship that has been working on w . no trampoline needed
rocket boost stage reaching 0 m/s in one piece :) will know soon. odds not high.
hexacopter drone vid of 1st f9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
launch to the space station in just under three hours if weather holds
also, breakfast at tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
tesla us business leasing program went live today
yeah, that's worth a read
bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. i don't eat breakfast at tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
80% to 30%
agreed
yes, i'm confident that tesla will do something with them.
thanks, i really appreciate your support!
tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
merry christmas!
doesn't sound right. if it is, we certainly need to fix it. investigating...
will do. probably at least a few days. depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
tesla is also extending the model s warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; af needs to test icbms, so probable launch sept 29/30.
it is crazy that the proposed california high speed rail only goes 200 mph w avg speed of 130 mph when japan is 300 mph+
was at vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen f9 rocket launch. some tense days ahead
reality is the best illusion
pulled all nighter working on hyperloop (as did others). hopefully not too many mistakes. will publish link at 1:30 pdt.
best saying ever “: there is a saying in mexico: "el miedo no anda en burro" meaning "fear doesn't ride on a donkey"”
will publish hyperloop alpha design by aug 12. critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
just completed full mission duration firing of next gen falcon 9 booster. v proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
udp (yeah you know me) 3x
woohoo, tesla direct sales petition passed the 100k threshold! thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
taking action. will be a 7 day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. am asking hvac engineering to investigate.
battery pack swap works with all tesla model s cars, past and present. it was always there.
shai actually got the idea from a visit to tesla. the idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
1st long duration firing of the new generation falcon 9 rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
i don't have a publicist
huge expansion of tesla supercharger network underway. will cover la to ny by end of year
was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. harder to breathe as i got older, so time to fix.
belief in climate change isn't necessary. even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
making rockets
high pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. no explosives.
cool, will get one plus another chicken
you're welcome. it did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
it can dig up almost anything.
given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
there is a way for the tesla model s to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
stay tuned
tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is model s, model x, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at tesla, please apply!
chris porritt from aston martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at tesla
it can definitely strain relationships, but i loved doing my first company with my brother
norway rocks!
we need a compelling video that convinces tx lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
chris is great. took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
tesla raises model s resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
yeah, that is super tricky. will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
cool :)
auto dealer sterling mccall makes the case for tesla direct sales in texas
this argument is a bit silly. a city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
seems to be some stormy weather over in shortville these days
we have great neighbors!
yes
grasshopper rocket flies up 250m, holds against wind and lands. vid taken from our hexacopter
will post a video of the latest grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
now with actual picture :)
cool picture of io crossing jupiter sent to me by . would be amazing to visit in person one day.
new york judge states: "... dealers cannot utilize the franchised dealer act as a means to sue their competitors". exactly!
just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in austin. will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
at the risk of losing more "cool points", i like reagan too! however, i also like obama, clinton &amp; jfk. good people on both sides...
do all the intro courses for mech, ee, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
we are working hard to make that happen!
today's tesla announcement is actually the 2nd in a 5 part trilogy (love douglas adams)
if you support tesla in texas, please contact your state senate or house member. free enterprise!
slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be tues next week.
but when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. it has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. we are 3 to 4 years away. wish it could be sooner.
review of tesla model s by . good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
probably true imo “: dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
cool, i'm glad you like it!
using über to order a tesla model s with and
destiny
yes
engineering, design &amp; general company operations absorb vast majority of my mind &amp; are the fundamental limitation on doing more. capital allocation is important, but low cpu load. tesla public company duties are a much bigger factor, but going private is impossible now (sigh).
marx vs adam smith -&gt; adam smith for the win. not even close.
yes
u r o k
yes
yes
competition is good. results in a better outcome for all.
haha ok
yes
yes
numeric
yup
yes
🚀🖤💫 nasa rules!! 💫🖤🚀
yup
wow
massive public manipulation
wow
yes
lol
major
odd
wow
yes
wow
wow
wow
wow
wow
wow
lol
wow
wow
lol
lol
♥️♥️
wow
wow
👖 on 🔥
wow
🦫 🧠
wow
yes
yes
yup
yup
yup
wow
blah blah gpt …
cgi irl
wow
wow
wow
midjourney
yay!
wow
yup
wow
mud camouflage lol
wow
wow
lol
odd
wow
why?
yup
yup
yes
ja, “van”, mijn verontschuldigingen 🤭
yes
yes
wow
👏 👏
wow!
lol
wow
yup
yes
yup
wow!
yup
yup
lol
yup
yup
wow
super important
lol
wow
💩 😂
1990
~120m
bwahaha
yup
🤣 🪴 🧟‍♂️
wow
yup
of 💦
lol
yes
wow
concur
metamorphosisai
🐉 🔥
hallelujah 🙌
lol
♥️♥️ ♥️♥️
yup
wow
naughtius maximus?
yes
📱 + ☕️
yup
🙋‍♂️
wow
ai yai yai!
wow
0% …
prescient
wow
yes
lol
wow!
♥️♥️
yes!! 🤣🤣
🏦 🔥 💩
yay ♥️♥️♥️ !!!
insane
yes
wow!
fate 🖤 irony
warren g
archangel-12
wow
hi 👋
yep.
yah
yup
🔥🤣 😢
😂 ftw again
yay!!
🤣🤣🤣
wow!
so much has happened in 15 years
the starlink v3 wifi router is *much* better. please lmk if you notice the difference. we are also super focused on getting latency below 20ms if the user terminal and ground gateway can both be seen by a single satellite. p50 ping&lt;30ms is definitely achievable.
i heartily agree! seeing all those ugly qr codes makes my eyes bleed.
it is rather tragic to see an otherwise capable comedian like become weak sauce. the reason he is not very funny these days is because he is too keen to pander to wokeness, which is fundamentally a lie, whereas great humor requires revealed truth.
the x investment will turn out well
lmao, we just hit all-time record usage
sorry if our platform was a bit slower than it should be – we have now brought additional resources online. last week was an all-time high in usage.
thanks for your stalwart support!
the tide has turned against woke
the trend is good
good point
super impressive glyph/tier ratio!
why are there no short white/asian women in the nba!?
true. this story would otherwise have been buried and forgotten.
it is essential
exactly
true
the us southern border is open to all 8 billion people on earth. very few of those coming through are actually from mexico. the influx is already overwhelming essential services in major us cities.
the ssc cancellation was part of what convinced me not to pursue a career in physics
absolutely true
america is great
true
interesting
this plan will actually work
very long way
congratulations tesla team on a great year!!
but we should actually build a much bigger collider!
there are 8 billion people on earth. they won’t all fit in boston.
he is a genocidal lunatic
true
sam has lost his marbles (sigh)
it’s a game changer
hota and ball lightning (injured) crush all other builds. i just did t24 solo as a druid, but i can’t see how to do t25 even playing a perfect game!
green day goes from raging against the machine to milquetoastedly raging for it 🤣🤣
more smartphones have been made than the total number of humans on earth
we poured our heart and soul into that truck
don’t give up on that last one yet
guess my hat will remain uneaten 😂
true
wait for it …
2024 is gonna be even more crazy is my prediction
we like to put little fun easter eggs our cars. small, unexpected delights are part of what makes life worth living.
can someone please make this parody? it would be so good 🤣
wow yeah
hitchens was amazing
exactly!
that is the cycle
i agree
exactly
even better point
good point
true
people often incorrectly think health care is a matter of money, but it is actually a matter of doctors per capita. unless there is a magic doctor factory somewhere, it takes ~30 years from birth to educate a doctor. so what will actually happen is a rapid decline in
never trust a cynic – they excuse their bad behavior with the rationale that “everyone does it”
i think you’re right
time is the true currency
disney’s entire market cap right is just the parks. investors are valuing everything else as neutral to negative, for good reason.
exactly
😂 seriously
true
generational trauma. an example of why forgiveness of those who harmed you (if it stops further harm) is so important.
improved longform posts
best protip ever
thank you for the kind words
very exciting!
that was fun!
sigh
prelude to mars
watch the entire first episode on this platform. great move by apple! note, you can airplay from your iphone to tv to watch on a big screen.
interesting
pretty much only time i see nyt articles is when they’re mentioned here. their readership, especially user-minutes per day, is tiny compared to this platform.
three center raptors of booster will fire at ~50% thrust during hot staging
looks like one is a college student (who wants to join the govt) and another is maybe an antifa member, but nonetheless a probable false flag situation
interesting
nuclear is fine
version 12 won’t be beta
not as profound as agi, but certainly profound
yeah
looks good so far
always err on the side of internalizing responsibility
yeah, this is silly
depression is overdiagnosed in the us, but for some people it really is a brain chemistry issue. but zombifying people with ssris for sure happens way too much. from what i’ve seen with friends, ketamine taken occasionally is a better option.
did a practice round tonight with
bigger than big
insanely fast
major problem!
key milestone completed for flight 2
if advertised accurately, it’s a good thing, but that is not always the case
ok, let’s do it 🔥🔥
exactly
interesting
that was a crazy and cruel thing for him to say. if those kids wanted to be at the front lines, they wouldn’t need to be conscripted.
interesting
exactly
fanaticism is always a function of repressed doubt – dune
payouts should start happening within a few weeks
yeah
extremely disturbing
of course, not all products &amp; services are glamorous, but still there is a true value proposition for anything useful/enjoyable
“ads” like this where you learn or are entertained are great, as they’re effectively content. consider vogue magazine, which consists mostly of “advertisements”, but they’re so beautiful that they’re worth seeing in &amp; of themselves.
pretty accurate list. for several of the product “releases”, the basics were already in place &amp; we just fixed the broken parts.
worrisome
this is utter bs. it won’t make a difference to climate change.
true
always remove their masks
who were the unmasked individuals?
interesting
some of the videos are indeed quite edgy
feels so long ago
just swipe up to see the next video
based vinod is fire 😂
i wouldn’t know anything about that 😂
you’re absolutely right
well, he seems to create some good content. that said, use of this platform for any scams will result in account suspension.
and the stories usually have a negative tone, so it’s depressing
the thing about the traditional news is that, by the time they actually publish anything, it’s not news anymore
if two adults find love, in whatever form, i support that
here we go again
important to note that what happens on earth’s surface (eg farming) has no meaningful impact on climate change. overwhelmingly, the risk of climate change is due to moving billions of tons of carbon from deep underground into the atmosphere. over time, if we keep doing this,
slight possibility of mars
the complexity of your dialogue tree
absolutely
good for palmer!
the die is cast
i suspect there are a few more episodes to go
population collapse is a severe danger to the future of civilization
speaking personally, i obviously prefer the pull in method …
the “pull out” method
accurate
fair point
interesting spaces about wagner revolt
🤣 thank goodness we don’t have to listen to nonsense from “radiofreetom”
money allocation is the easiest part of my job – essentially trivial. if money could solve problems, the government would be accomplishing wonders.
true
the most entertaining outcome (as if we were in a movie) is the most likely
disturbing
must be the traffic
best coverage of the situation i’ve seen so far is from mario
don’t even trust nobody
exactly
this is real?
is this accurate ?
true. although very dated now, i trained in judo, kyokushin (full contact) &amp; no rules streetfighting.
accurate
not suggesting you or anyone else has had plastic surgery, but rather that it shouldn’t be frowned upon if it actually works!
plastic surgery (done right) is awesome. technology ftw.
postponed tomorrow when i can get a starlink terminal
now 13 engines
i’m at a friend’s birthday, but will endeavor to do a spaces about space shortly
good thread
let’s go full mma
digital compute will vastly exceed biological, but i still there is merit to us a fallback if the computers fail
and much more than that in cumulative inference compute in vehicle
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
yup, that’s me 💯
i have this great move that i call “the walrus”, where i just lie on top of my opponent &amp; do nothing
actually smart auto wiper software releases in about 3 weeks. our patented, “actually smart summon (ass)” is probably a month or two after that.
tesla ai, both software &amp; hardware, is far more advanced than even most experts realize
so many
this would be hilarious 🤣
nice
it has been online &amp; running useful tasks for a few months
ah yes, that is coming. we prioritize safety before convenience.
i almost never work out, except for picking up my kids &amp; throwing them in the air
this is pretty cool. we can generate surround car video and command the car from text prompts.
correct
they won’t get suspended unless they do an egregious coordinated attack, but their post will see much less reach, as it will not be recommended to others
if this is for real, i will do it 🔥🔥
keep summer safe
exactly
i should clarify that dojo v1 is highly optimized for vast amounts of video training vs general purpose ai. dojo v2 will address these limitations.
💯was just thinking that again today
feels that way
some accounting of how american taxpayer money is being spent sure sounds like a reasonable request!
etymology ftw
that’s my best guess
not exactly a competitor to nvidia, as we aren’t selling dojo computers (although it could be sold as service). we just need a crazy amount of training compute to get full self-driving 10x safer than human, but can’t get enough gpus, plus prices are extremely high!
this is probably accurate.
definitely
this is not to say that reporters in most western countries are simply coin-operated – they will defend their “independence” to the death, as acknowledging it at all would diminish their credibility. but it is also false/foolish to suggest that there is no influence.
they claim to have a “wall” between news &amp; advertising, but reporters know full well who butters their bread. for example, there were nonstop bogus articles about electric cars on fire, even though they’re 500% to 1000% less likely to burn than combustion engine cars. as soon
their conversations once the humans have had their way and are out of sight must be 🔥🔥
in the toy story universe, sex toys are alive
optimus will come in many forms
exactly
you can’t even run a good psy op
snopes is a con
people have no idea how much they censor, usually in subtle ways
illustrates why yt needs competition
call yourself anything you want
the numbers don’t make sense. something is off kilter.
could maybe rank posts by views or likes. highlights is a feature that should have been there a long time ago.
yup, the contemptible creep that manufactured the term “cis” has serious problems. ignore him.
people overwhelmingly reject this obvious slur that bigots are trying to impose
wow, this is terrible
true
zuck my 👅
seems to be happening in more &amp; more cities
repeated, targeted harassment against any account will cause the harassing accounts to receive, at minimum, temporary suspensions. the words “cis” or “cisgender” are considered slurs on this platform.
it will feel like magic
great group of people at vivatech!
cool
coming soon
i’m up for a cage match if he is lol
i’m sure earth can’t wait to be exclusively under zuck’s thumb with no other options. at least it will be “sane”. was worried there for a moment 😅.
to the computer, everything is in slow motion
you can now watch x/twittter video on a big tv if you swipe diagonally from upper right of your phone &amp; tap screen mirroring. future releases will make this easier.
great conversation with
raises interesting questions
hopefully
they are actually much more than point releases, but the team is reserving 11.420 for the big one
thanks!
true
community notes contributors are almost exactly balanced across the political spectrum. the key to the success of is that many people of diverse viewpoints must agree that a note is needed &amp; correct before it becomes viewable by the public. this is a profound.
it was an honor to meet again
super exciting work happening at tesla in ai software, chip design &amp; robots!
satire &amp; reality merge once again
thanks for the translation
cool
is this accurate ?
ok, i will ask tesla &amp; spacex to inquire further
well said
noted
good question
pretty sure &gt;99.9% of people would be less upset by bad words than being blown to pieces by a grenade
cool thread
so epic
same
i prefer technical interviews, but those have a smaller audience
extremely misanthropic
that would be interesting indeed
but it was a mistake to push for so many covid-19 booster shots (even the initial vaccine shot was overkill on quantity). there‘s obviously risk of the immune system going out of control when it sees what what you’ve trained it to believe is a serious disease over &amp; over again.
accurate summary. look, i’m prepared to argue in favor of vaccines if you’d like. do i think vaccines should be examined closely &amp; mortality risk isn’t substantially reduced in america? yes. however, you should definitely take vaccines if traveling to places where that disease
i bought it anyway. didn’t actually expect it to work like the video. but this is news that there is a drone – albeit expensive – that actually works!
any scientist who refuses to be questioned is anything but
to be frank, we’re lucky to have modern medicine. i’d be dead from malaria if not for chloroquine &amp; doxycycline. but, we should still question medicine, rather than considering it sacred. the entire foundation of science is to question it, thereby coming closer to the truth.
still the most effective breath mint afaik
there is an argument that the negatives of ssris outweigh the positives
exactly. two of my kids are on the spectrum and they got it from me, not vaccines. it was obvious from when they were babies, but thankfully improved to some degree over time.
first of all, i am generally pro vaccine. i have been vaccinated against pretty much everything, as have my kids. second, i think there is tremendous promise in synthetic mrna. it is like medicine going from analog to digital. that said, the world obviously went crazy with
in all seriousness, i agree that we should make elaborate tax-avoidance schemes illegal, but acting upon that would upset a lot of donors, so we will see words, but no action. those who will actually be forced to carry the burden of excess government spending are lower to
please give him the password, so he can do his own tweets. please, i’m begging you!
so you’re saying you endorse vice?
maybe just hates charity 🤷‍♂️
magic 🪄 sword 🗡️
promotion of scams under the guise of being a funny/helpful bot will result in suspension. doesn’t matter how much you pay us.
just coincidence
oh hi lol
this sure looks like a scam crypto account. if so, it will be suspended.
wait, vice is still alive!?
envy idea? i have a little envy tbh
this platform is the pvp of social media. other sites are like a baby with a pacifier.
humans love being in cults!
abuse of the spam feature would result in the reporting account being suspended
good idea. we will implement.
he’s afraid of a public debate, because he knows he’s wrong
if everyone stopped eating red meat, the result would be genocide of the cow nation! i’m in favor kind treatment of farm animals, but not their destruction.
the opposite of a sequitur
as measured by the first writing, civilization has exited for only 1 millionth of earth’s existence
accounts that try to game our verification system with non-sequitur self-promotion or advertise in a misleading way will be suspended
spamming replies with non-sequitur self-promotion will result in account suspension
so hypocritical! also, why can’t it be pride 12 months a year!?
i think i played that map in mass effect 3
very true
thanks for identifying this problem. will be fixed.
it’s coming
exactly
true
ad-free version if you subscribe to zuby!
this is very concerning
🤣🤣 that would definitely work for falling asleep too
true
should be renamed national hypocrisy radio!
censorship sucks!
i hope so
true. so many skeletons in the closet. no one at the company knew this code existed.
accurate
very important!
gaming replies to generate free advertising will result in account suspension
one of the best accounts on this platform!
especially in north america
wonderful meetings with france and italy. i love your countries!
great to see so many country and company leaders around the world interacting with people on this platform! this is a great way to get useful feedback, learn about new ideas and connect with a smart, savvy audience.
regulatory capture is a risk
exactly
true
“re-education” is such an interesting term. where have i heard that before? 🤔
the future will be wild
who should be president in 2032?
exactly
pretty much
people should definitely study more history!
concerning
amphitheatrum flavium
this conspiracy theory that birds are actually government spy drones is … totally false
eons ago …
exactly, problems in organizational structure always manifest as problems in the product
as i was saying …
the more censorship and narrative control exerted by other media, the more this platform will grow
he is wrong
thanks!
cool
… attack on the military-industrial complex. the lobbying power of large government contractors is far higher than it should be for the good of the people.
this is terrible
saw them firsthand on kwaj. pro tip: don’t wear coconut scented sunblock.
interesting thread
not bad
“what are you thinking?”
many twitter employees feel unsafe coming to work in downtown sf and have had their car windows smashed. they also got such a null response from the police that they rarely even bother reporting crimes anymore, because nothing happens.
exactly
interesting
phew
they should keep striking. fight on, comrades!
my namesake
saw this in a movie once
deflation is coming
or maybe a sponge 🤣🤣
the so-called fact-checkers are huge liars and incredibly biased
what makes you so upbeat all the time?
looks still but he’s actually traveling over 17000 mph
those who push it should be in prison for life
interesting
this could effectively mean state-mandated sterilization of your children
those airports should get more use
11.4.4 goes out end of this week
all too true
we built the supercharger network out of desperation, since no one else was doing it
thanks for doing translation. we’re working on providing translation of all videos to any language.
could’ve been used to carry messages in the old days
once again, i’d like to offer this platform to anyone on the left. you will get equal treatment.
they should join the nacs coalition!
and soon in california, if the recently proposed legislation becomes law
true
lmaooo
that story is hardcore if you read the actual full text and what happens in the cave …
an actual bedroom or art showing a bedroom?
our kids are not fodder for the government.
you are the government. they are not your kids.
bold
shocker
concerning
now drive outside sf
good thing we used camo lol
i just watched this at 2x speed on this platform
maybe they will show up just in time to save us from agi armageddon
it’s a tradition
we made a movie about that!
she actually quit on good terms (to the best of my knowledge), but we did not rehire for the position. we believe everyone should be judged by the quality of their work, not their sexual orientation or anything else.
why esg is the devil …
great thread on how esg is used as a moral cloak to hide bad behavior. any cause that makes makes it’s virtue unquestionable will immediately be adopted by the unvirtuous.
call them “wacktivists” they will love it
it’s practically invisible
i recommend putting it on this platform for free for a brief period or just asking people to subscribe to support (we would not keep any funds)
interesting, given that openai has no authorized x/twitter feed
no-brainer
exactly
if apple competes against the whole world, apple will have the whole world against it. this is not a winning scenario.
they need some competition …
agreed, this is broken in random ways. will be fixed.
perhaps we just need a modern day sulla
my uncle says we’re descended from charlemagne &amp; alfred, but i wouldn’t take that to the bank … oh yeah banks 😬
6 to 8 weeks
“studies show …”
will investigate
this doesn’t make sense
nice shot
hopefully
you’re hired!
says the ai!
how many years do we have before ai kills us all?
not bad
yeah
great predictor of the future
interesting
noted
interesting
small numbers of tanks are easily destroyed by anti-tank weapons &amp; landmines. best to have either none or a lot.
they dig their own grave
“thank you, biological bootloaders, your job is done now” there is some merit to the far higher resilience of biological intelligence on earth, as compared to digital intelligence, which is very brittle.
gpu companies when they hear that
and those who weren’t expecting a ternary joke
accurate
of whom are we avatars?
practically next door
same
hopefully releasing the update this week. as i’ve said many times, it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between ai bots. soon, it will be impossible. the only “social networks” that survive will be those that require verification. the payment system is a means of
that would be much more accurate
there seems to be a deep, innate human need for religion. as the older ones fall, new arise.
i’ve seen a *lot* of cocomelon 😂
exactly
yeah, it’s not an issue anymore
nobody is perfect
the truth is always more complex and nuanced than what is reported. this platform now cares about the truth, even if we don’t like the truth.
few people realize the magnitude of the change
that’s why i’m looking for a vp of propaganda (and witchcraft)!
great
their priorities are clear
always wondered about that
augmented reality is amazing
looking to hire a vp of witchcraft &amp; propaganda
please upload your podcasts to this platform too
congratulations!
this is messed up
very concerning
exactly. state-mandated sterilization of children is utterly contemptible! shame on those who push it.
best ww3 song ever
how much does it cost?
ok, but can you name one joke?
i was just playing that in my car lol
i’d like to see kant in philosopher jeopardy take puns for $400
good idea, will do
good question. we are already cyborgs. our memory is overwhelmingly outsourced to computers – they remember everything with extreme precision down to the pixel. our thinking is much less outsourced, as there are still many things we can do that ai cannot. for now.
any downsides?
maybe we should do a spaces with you, me &amp; alex to air this out
if is serious about freedom of speech, then we have common ground. but destroying public safety by electing das who won’t prosecute violent criminals needs to stop.
good point
just a formality. alex has been de facto in charge for several years.
there is also equal treatment before the law. differential prosecution undermines public faith in the justice system.
but if you discriminate against everyone, then, tautologically, you’re not discriminating against anyone!
uk now understands. america will too.
yeah
it is insane
soon
almost always
very true
amazing movie
interesting
i do use that word sometimes 😂
the start of writing could be considered the beginning of civilization, in which case we are ~5500 years old. that is only a millionth of earth’s existence! so far, we’re just a ⚡️in the 🍳.
he might not be wrong
a friend of mine experienced a shooting last night outside his apartment in sf and a bullet went through his wall. second time it’s happened.
yeah
amazing 🤣🤣
thanks!
upload the video here on your x/twitter account!
i don’t personally use decaf, but the placebo effect in general is remarkably powerful
they do have a lot of influence
whoa
with caffeine during the day, without caffeine late at night
madness
high time we went back and had a permanently occupied lunar base
upload here. this platform believes in free speech, provided it does not break the law.
yeah
indeed … sigh
optimism ftw
this is crazy
yeah
“zuck my tongue”
correct
exactly
roundabouts will get great soon
lot of work between here &amp; there, but it is possible
good
elden ring is an incredible work of art
credit to larry page for alerting me to the importance of air filtration
cry 'havoc!' and let slip the doges of war
the problem is that the passive/index funds outsource voting to shareholder services companies, which are controlled by activists who act in a manner contrary to the interests of shareholders. this is probably the biggest class-action opportunity in history.
where are they not?
any moral shield that cannot be questioned will be used by those who do evil
exactly
they’ve gone too far
it is
in a few weeks, x/twitter will start paying creators for ads served in their replies. first block payment totals $5m. note, the creator must be verified and only ads served to verified users count.
late stage civilization vibes
indeed
seriously
good question
it is worth noting that kids who are same-sex attracted and/or autistic are the most vulnerable
big difference
yeah
archived version
almost everyone would agree that no one is above the law, but it must be applied equally. differential pursuit of justice undermines public faith in the system.
yeah
kids who are so young they think santa is literally true obviously cannot understand the concept of “gender”
powerful article
the uk has centralized data, due to their national health service, so they know what a catastrophe this is
big if true
how does this end? not wishful thinking. i mean in reality.
thank goodness!
i feel practically victorian when i say “rubbish”
the rate of improvement is accelerating
that would be ideal
wow, half!
he was great
how times have changed
that would be interesting
we tried very hard to get eu to consider the tesla (now nacs) design, as it is fundamentally better in every way for consumers, but the transport minister said “a committee decided the standard years ago” (sigh). worth mentioning that tesla is supplying the adapter &amp; other
exactly 😮‍💨
not good
this is cool. i hope many others put their music videos on this platform!
up to certification &amp; airlines. hopefully, will start later this year.
interesting
haven’t seen anything &amp; i think i’d know
there does seem to be far higher interest in pursuing trump compared to other people in politics. very important that the justice system rebut what appears to be differential enforcement or they will lose public trust.
beautiful
yeah
it’d be great to have , &amp; others on the left put their shows on this platform. no exclusivity or legal docs required! you will receive our full support. the digital town square is for all.
extremely disturbing. more background:
we mean it
unfortunately, that is an accurate assessment
true
not as big as s/x, but still better than any other car
we put a lot of effort into this
great to work with you!
there is room for improvement. also, reagan airport should be a lot more active!
😂 nathan for you
having starlink, even as a backup, would be wise
thank goodness! north america will have a way better connector for charging cars than rest of world.
spaces discussion with mary barra, ceo of !
don’t forget to fight crime too!
qualifying for the ~$20k car is extremely rare, but the $7500 credit applies to the vast majority of electric vehicle buyers (across all manufacturers)
interesting
model 3 &amp; y have great air filtration too, but they’re too small to fit the monster hepa filters
looking into it
🤣 it’s probably going to crush tennis. way more convenient.
i thought the cia liked being the closet lol
civilization was a great game
then you cleanse them with nuclear fire, then you win
true
discreet packaging optional
this is so important
good question
true
it’s amazing
deep memories of the x86 evolution
incredibly disturbing thread
yeah, that was weird
blocking public posts makes no sense. it needs to be deprecated in favor of a stronger form of mute.
wipers will get super good
wow, this is terrible!
exactly
extremely concerning
interesting piece by paglia
true
yeah, ok, but also agi
we are working on having this information will show up on your profile, so you know exactly what applies to your account. not as easy as it sounds, because there are many different systems at twitter that affect accounts, especially in “trust and safety” software layer.
absolutely
true. also, many other nn accelerator chips are also under development. nvidia will not have a monopoly on large-scale training &amp; inference forever.
the tesla plaid model s is incredible
they keep chanting “protect our children”, but the children in question are not theirs
this platform will provide email addresses of subscribers (who opt in) to content creators, so that creators are able to leave this platform easily &amp; take their subscribers with them if they want
great!
makes a lot more sense lol
it was an honor to speak
that’s a real number?
it’s good
ok fine we’ll do it
computers are definitely binary
maybe total user-seconds of screen time
that said, it simply counts if you saw the post on the x/twitter app or via web browser, not how long you watched
correct
view count is actually understated, as it does not include anything from our api, for example tweets you see in google search results or on bloomberg terminals
i will follow them if they post their shows on this platform
community notes plus user comments will be great for correcting or adding context
exactly
cool
no restrictions on this platform!
would be great to have shows from all parts of the political spectrum on this platform!
and/or simply attracted to same sex
yeah
antidepressants &amp; many other medications are significantly overprescribed in america
trend is bad
is this accurate ?
asimov’s foundation books were a strong influence on me as a child
good
coming soon
well said
😂 same
doge ftw
what nefarious actions are they taking to crash the economy?
i have seen zero evidence of aliens fwiw
on now
an example of great interaction between brands 😂
good question
yeah
this kind of interaction by companies is awesome
this platform ranks much higher when assessed by total user-hours per month
this will accelerate, as high interest rates make homes less affordable
more than people realize
tesla aspires to be as helpful as possible to other car companies. we made all our patents freely available several years ago. now, we are enabling other companies to use our supercharger network. also happy to license autopilot/fsd or other tesla technology.
thank you for recognizing concerns about safety of digital superintelligence, which affects all of humanity
same
significant
interesting
concerning
really
yeah, extremely brittle to local conditions &amp; doesn’t scale
sounds like we’re messing up in multiple ways here and not enabling a way to clear things up. please post screenshot of error message.
i don’t mean to suggest a headlong rush into agi without considering the consequences
who does control them?
it means castration
of course kyc
true
exactly
works every time
not oppressed
let that sink in
hosting ’s upcoming space
“gender-affirming care for minors” is pure evil
major problem
interesting
worked like a charm 💫
money is just information
[heavy sigh] nods
he’s not wrong …
guys, i think i maybe took too much 👶
cool
time to complete the circle
late stage civilization complacency
sounds good!
they hurt my eyes too
this platform honestly gives me more laughs per day than everything else combined!
me &amp; this platform, for example
this really needs to stop. killing some cows doesn’t matter for climate change.
same
audience score is what matters, as film critics are terrified of being ostracized for wrong-think
this platform is very pvp at times 🤣
sure, up to individual tastes
something doesn’t add up
congrats tesla plaid racing team!
they trouble me esthetically
not bad
from sjm
i prefer peace, but if they want war, they will get it
incredibly unjust
terrible
this could be wild
pretty good, apart from the rocket stuff
the real tragedy is that the machine never even gets the money!
he was incredible. queen biopic is highly recommended.
definitely world champion streisand effect! this is being covered almost everywhere on earth.
tesla is prioritizing safety over comfort for fsd beta. as we become confident in the former, the latter will follow.
pretty much
eloquently articulated
this is where work ideology leads – the end of civilization
unfortunately accurate
fission is a great source of electricity. should not have been demonized.
it was covered in the documentary
good book
that person reported to jim baker and left twitter for google in 2021
infinity ago
that would be insane
looking forward to seeing this!
🇮🇳 i love it! 🇮🇳
system is being upgraded &amp; stress-tested in advance of interview on monday!
i hope it does come back. was super funny 🤣
i’m tempted to say that this will drive viewership of your movie, but … no one watches cnn lol
thanks :)
world champion streisand effect
what are they talking about?
not me or x/twitter. others are paying to promote it.
let that sink in
game changer
if only someone had warned us …
would you like to do a spaces discussion with me next week?
totally agree
fixed
countries should make their own decisions and not rely on un bodies like who
absolutely
won’t be long before there are class-action lawsuits by shareholders against the company and board of directors for destruction of shareholder value
director related
not complicated at all
consenting adults should do whatever makes them happy, provided it does not harm others, but a child is not capable of consent, which is why we have laws protecting minors.
works now. only limit is that it will not be placed next to advertising.
i am on team humanity
every parent should watch this
concerning
will be fixed tomorrow
working on it
volume should be measured in units of hamster 🐹
i don’t know anyone who spends so little time online
the controversy will drive viewership
🤣 what could go wrong?
pretty much
nobody knows who they are as a child
a lot 😑
the streisand effect on this will set an all-time record!
yeah, it’s great
this is a major problem. i will be actively lobbying to criminalize making severe, irreversible changes to children below the age of consent. shame on those who advocate this! it is utterly contemptible.
commenting &amp; deliberate sharing will be allowed. sensitive content just won’t be pushed to people unless they ask for it or a friend sends it to them.
we’re updating the system tomorrow so that those who follow will see this in their feed, but it won’t be recommended to non-followers (nor will any advertising be associated with it)
true
neuralink
it will be advertising-restricted, as advertisers have the right to decide what content their ads appear with, which will impact reach to some degree
does lockdown mode address this?
i do actually like avocado toast tbh lol
being fixed
epic episode!
“bloomberg intelligence” 🤣🤣
exactly. it is damaging to society to dilute what “hate speech” means.
important to remember that we should not take civilization for granted
lil x just asked if there are police cats, since there are police dogs 😂
congratulations to giga shanghai &amp; tesla china sds teams for their excellent work overcoming many obstacles over many years!!
happens a lot 🤣🤣
this was a mistake by many people at twitter. it is definitely allowed. whether or not you agree with using someone’s preferred pronouns, not doing so is at most rude and certainly breaks no laws. i should note that i do personally use someone’s preferred pronouns, just as i
true
38 astronauts to orbit so far!
now answer the question
insufferable numbskull
later this year. definitely needs to happen!
also, you can now change video playback speed
this is pretty cool
heard diablo iv might be good. remake of system shock out soon.
true
coming soon
what is a woman?
scrolling through tweets while watching mini video (pic in pic) is great
lot of flack for the branding change, but i think it will work out well
exactly
🇺🇸 for those who died for freedom 🇺🇸
commercial real estate is melting down fast. home values next.
the china space program is far more advanced than most people realize
what will ai be like in 2040?
true
yeah, answer the question!
sorry, this is one of the last neural nets to be updated to surround video (from single camera, single frame)
sounds true
did they really fire people for calling the police?
incompetence, in the limit, is indistinguishable from sabotage
actually, the meme is showing the absurdity of the statement by noting that, if true, it would apply to kids with leukemia
if shooting oneself in the foot is disrupting, then i would have to say that i do that a lot
“use of chatgpt is rampant among students today” – students today
i realize the implicit irony in saying this, but the highest i’ve paid so far is $20
needs a better name, but yes
transparency builds trust …
whole podcast uploaded to this platform!
you’re such a numbskull. please point out where we had an actual choice and we will reverse it.
major problem!
for obvious &amp; sensible reasons
interesting
he was a bamf for sure, but “bull moose party” is just not a great name
it’s epic at bs
let’s see how the vote pans out
inevitable 🤣🤣
true
accurate
really?
yikes
interesting
nice
sorry this app takes up so much space
🤣🤣 chief troll officer at ur service
ai fashion show in azkaban date &amp; details to follow
on twitter, i mean
jack is back
office space is an awesome movie
a real problem!
previously, i had thought it was some pescatarian conspiracy theory, but nope
i was today’s years old when i learned that some people genuinely love cooked salmon
we are insulated from this in the west
ever?
not sure why this happened
just tap the button for fsd beta
perspective
sounds reasonable
true
correct
many
he might actually be
that was many years ago. their cars are highly competitive these days.
pretty much
hold on to your horse as the carousel of destiny spins ever faster
bruh do you even ai
maybe it’s not true, hence the question
too many social media companies?
is this true, ?
i have made the invitation several times, including in the desantis spaces itself!
starship is the first rocket/spaceship with the potential to make life multiplanetary
it’s next-level. people have no idea.
a surprising number of people simply haven’t tried it yet, so have no idea
major launchpad upgrades should be complete in about a month, then another month of rocket testing on pad, then flight 2 of starship
you should try tesla self-driving
this is the right release to go wide
lot of noise about announcing &amp; discussing his presidential bid on this platform. but you what isn’t noise? setting an all-time record for fundraising! worth considering for announcements in general.
the attacks against desantis are not landing
i thought he was going to say “hitsky” at the end
maybe they’re right, but i just have a lot of frens … 🤷‍♂️
“the real world”
for now
you drive a hard bargain, but ok!
congratulations neuralink team!
best is to have the car turn on signals for you
unknown, he was a rescue
happens to me all the time
true
this is crazy – lives are on the line! the woke mind virus is a parasite that kills its host. it must be eliminated.
it’s not like we didn’t see it coming
why indeed. if someone wants to change something about themselves as an adult, we should respect that decision. however, making an irreversible decision for a child is not the child’s decision, it is the adult’s decision, therefore lacking consent.
citizen journalism breaks the monopoly held by a handful of editors – they naturally don’t like that
yeah
“total crock”
how did the washington post go from questioning the state to being its mouthpiece?
major problem
what say you, ?
this is indeed very disturbing
interesting
i agree
downtown is bleak. the empty parts are actually worse than than the parts with zombies.
yeah
nope!
i call it “massive attention” top story on earth today
twitter new account signups just went ballistic
the only reason people even know this is because of screenshots posted on twitter lol
🇺🇸🇺🇸 untamed free speech ftw 🇺🇸🇺🇸
other candidates are welcome
true
true 😂
all presidential candidates are most welcome on this platform
interesting
yeah
spaces with in ~2 hours!
exactly
starship payload is 250 to 300 tons to orbit in expendable mode. improved thrust &amp; isp from raptor will enable ~6000 ton liftoff mass.
the intolerant left is driving people right
taking questions from the audience is a powerful move
sure
sneaky !
any candidate who announces on this platform will get the highest possible audience. it’s a smart move.
no kidding …
will one day
i don’t think that word actually means anything 🤔
same
exactly
oh hey the atlantic is still alive who knew
happy to do it
looks like babylon bee has some competition for satire
interesting
inevitable
cool. more video controls coming this week.
do you get one? i hope it works as advertised!
is will be smooth as silk
cool!
probably, but not yet
and works almost everywhere on earth with global roaming enabled!
and tesla has sentry mode
looking into it. you might want to consider turning on subscriptions.
we’re working hard to get cybertruck into production! this was a tough product to design &amp; even tougher to build. but it will be great …
both quality &amp; quantity of high quality posts of all kinds (short text, long essays, pictures, audio &amp; video) have improved dramatically. thank you for contributing your voice to humanity’s digital public square!
yeah, it’s great
the kind of interaction that makes this platform so unique &amp; entertaining! 🍿😀
8 years ago …
write it on twitter! our algorithm automatically gives higher preference for posts which have the most cumulative user-seconds, so native content will be recommended much more than links outside of twitter.
it’s pretty wild in the notes world! many intense battles for best note. we continue to watch carefully for any gaming of the system.
good idea
human output data rate is absurdly low
neuralink
good
layers of irony
all those moments, will be lost in time like tears in rain …
trying
absolutely
control matters
yeah
phew, we can finally relax
interesting thread
there will not be a winter for ai, quite the opposite
great
no, you cannot have the chaos emeralds!!
it flew!
cool!
would explain why the most entertaining outcome is the most likely – more interesting to the simulators
🍻 to the simulators
call the swat team on this one
coming next week, along with pic in pic, so you can watch while scrolling
nice
same
i recommend doing twitter spaces simultaneously and interacting with users dynamically while recording your podcast
this is perhaps the most fundamental ratio defining technological progress
great statement by !
some easy to fix bugs addressed in 11.4.2 that starts rolling out this weekend. will address excess conservatism with narrow roads &amp; with lane changes in heavy traffic.
the washington post has gone from questioning the state to being its propaganda mouthpiece. pravda would be proud.
either back up your claims with actual source data or retract your story
one hell of a plasma beam!
agreed
suggestions for improvement are welcome
community notes will defend us from the deepfakes
i have spaceships
the bay area, of which, sf is a part
i use dark mode all the time
even were this absurd scenario true, my “bodyguards” being asleep instead of thwarting assassins would be of far greater concern to me than shortening my trip to the 🚽
it reads well as comedy
aargh … gets me every time
nice
it is essential to provide the full truth, or as close as possible, to the public, independent of political leanings
we rolled it out slowly over the past few weeks. mini viewer coming soon too, so you can watch video while doing other things.
i recommend subscribing to
“fbi says it won’t release jan 6 surveillance video because it would show too many undercover government agents and informants” uhh … this is insane!! how many were there? i’m mean … just approximately.
the tesla ai/software team is truly exceptional &amp; i never give false praise
i hope this platform increasingly brings you joy &amp; elucidation
and i will review the audit personally. if you drive a tesla, you should be able to believe in it to your core.
absolutely
🤣 mom ftw
definitely
voice &amp; video chat coming soon
cool! improved video features should land almost every week.
high time this happened
it should not be socially acceptable to call someone an [anything] supremacist, unless there is unequivocal evidence for such a claim
exactly
there are some jobs that can be done effectively at home, but it is super out of touch to suggest that most people should do so, given that it is impossible. that’s why i likened it to “let them eat cake”.
i mostly agree with that statement, but talk is cheap – results are what matter. downtown sf &amp; la, for example, are *not* how we want civilization to end up. they are like a low energy version of mad max / last of us.
*jonathan
there’s probably some really embarrassing stuff in the book 🤣
true (sigh)
this is dumb
in fairness, i must concede that joel has a good point and i will endeavor to be more thoughtful in the future. comic book analogies are obviously imperfect, to say the least. just because george soros can bend metal using his mind doesn’t mean he’s magneto!! anyway, my actual
what!? this is messed up. i’m no vegetarian, but i do want animals to have a happy life.
walter is incredibly thorough in his research. highly recommend his other books!
happens a lot
was the internet archive manipulated for nepotistic reasons?
her uncle owns the wayback machine &amp; you’re saying he deleted information for nepotism? that’s a big deal.
this is the most embarrassing thing to come out of the twitter files!
this platform is a great place to recruit!
dutch farmers are incredibly skilled – some of the highest productivity &amp; most efficient farming on earth!
twitter blue verified subscribers can now upload 2 hour videos (8gb)!
exactly
i subscribed!
kara has become so shrill at this point that only dogs can hear her
why is sleep so hard!? perhaps we will never know.
a really complicated password
i subscribed!
exactly
optimus team is making excellent progress
i subscribed!
temporary experiment to test price elasticity of demand
thank goodness
does the public realize that soros wants open borders? literally not even checking to see if they’re convicted serial killers on the run, which has happened more than once.
correct
interest payments on national debt exceeding defense spending is a mind-blowing threshold to pass
good thread
regulatory oversight of ai is important to protect the public from companies potentially cutting corners on safety
small world
we’re getting great use out of massey’s gun range!
and contradicted by statistics
nice
absolutely
we’re getting spammed with these like crazy!
true!
“great journalistic organization” 🤣🤣
exactly
no door handles &amp; side mirrors can be removed at discretion of owner
just have kids one way or another or humanity with die with a whimper in adult diapers!
frankly, i am pathologically optimistic – it’s a mental condition! kinda have to be to try to do all these crazy things. and i always bite off more than i chew (sigh) &amp; then sit there with puffed out cheeks like a squirrel that ate too much.
he is very mature for his age lol
thanks jim!
at the risk of bragging a little, i do an incredible job of digging my own grave!
lmao
to heir is human, to procreate divine
will give it a shot
thanks!
love to see starlink providing great connectivity to those who had little or nothing before. as soon as you can access the internet, you can learn almost anything, so it’s absolutely essential for education. being a great example.
cybertruck option packages &amp; third-party add-ons will be 🔥🔥
i strive to entertain humanity, whom i love
all real &amp; hot of the presses. tesla optimus team cranked super hard through the weekend to get it done. they are awesome!
it was really unfair to magneto
i’d like apologize for this post
super crazy times
wow, what a coincidence …
true
welcome back !
yeah, this is tragic
absolutely
i regard that as a good sign :)
it’s a major problem!
pretty much 🤣
i agree and probably most americans do too
might be because you have 💩 in your name 😂. will investigate.
perfectly said. among other things, soros astutely identified a massive arbitrage opportunity in district attorney elections, where a relatively small amount of money has outsized influence. soros’s instructions to his pet prosecutors were (essentially) to minimize prosecuting
no kidding …
spaces interview with starting now
tesla shareholder meeting underway
adl should just drop the “a”
even the ai community doesn’t understand
countries should be doubling down on nuclear! france is making smart moves in this regard.
as more satellites &amp; ground stations are added, latency &amp; jitter will improve. goal is &lt;20ms latency.
a classic
the massive jump in monthly payments for a 30 year mortgage, due to high interest rates, obviously greatly reduces home affordability
don’t spend that $4 all at once 🤣
good questions
subscribe to tim urban – he’s awesome!
accurate
rightly so. the disaster that is downtown sf, once beatiful and thriving, now a derelict zombie apocalypse, is due to the woke mind virus.
they did?
interesting
accurate
rightly so
fair point 😂
you assume they are good intentions. they are not. he wants to erode the very fabric of civilization. soros hates humanity.
we’ve pushed harder for free speech than any other internet company, including wokipedia
soros reminds me of magneto
that is odd
this is idiotic on so many levels: 1. that cretin never advised me on anything whatsoever. 2. the notion that i would need or listen to financial advice from a dumb crook is absurd. 3. jpm let tesla down ten years ago, despite having tesla’s global commercial banking
true
tesla powerwall does the seem for individual homes (if you have the backup switch installed)
it’s pretty good tbh
good thread
coming soon
i’m not doing an interview with cnbc, the organization, i’m doing an interview with david faber at ari emanuel’s recommendation. if david was at another news org, i would still do it.
it was an honor to meet!
cool. features you mention are coming within a week or two.
i have a longer analysis on this, but too long for a short post
♥️♥️ happy mother’s day! ♥️♥️
oh the irony is too much 🥲🤣
poetry with quill 🪶 written on rose 🌹 with my blood 🩸
incredible outfit
absolutely
good for him! stud at 79 wow.
until the supreme court struck down biden’s vaccination decree, he tried to demand that we fire all unvaccinated personnel – some of our finest people
covid cult culture
civilization is more fragile than it would seem
like an account on this platform
feels so long ago …
someone should go ask them
it was love at first sight for me &amp; computers tbh
entropy, entropy, no escaping that for me.
yeah
this is par for the course for all internet companies – we are just going to be clear that it’s happening, unlike the others
maybe we’re in an alien soap opera and just need to keep the ratings high so we don’t get cancelled … ?
he makes a strong case for computers being way smarter than humans
i hope so!
something like that
extremely destructive if accurate
we could post what the government in turkey sent us. will do.
coming
did your brain fall out of your head, yglesias? the choice is have twitter throttled in its entirety or limit access to some tweets. which one do you want?
tragically accurate
i agree
a lot of people don’t use social media in any significant way
explaining constitutional amendments
if agi is almost here, why doesn’t autocorrekt work!?
is it possible to be lgbtqanon?
anyone who maims children should go to prison for life. this shouldn’t even need to be said.
computers are literally binary lol
yeah
basically yeah
no, we still have it. chamber converging section desperately wants to melt next-level. we also have thermal barrier coatings.
raptor chamber wall might have the highest heat flux of anything ever made
yeah. to be frank, we did not expect the engine to survive a full duration run at that pressure. it is uncharted territory.
if we can delete &amp; integrate enough secondary structure (small, fiddly bits), then we can locally protect rest &amp; delete engine heat shields
raptor v3 just achieved 350 bar chamber pressure (269 tons of thrust). congrats to propulsion team! starship super heavy booster has 33 raptors, so total thrust of 8877 tons or 19.5 million pounds.
wise words
once in a while, a very tall spire of technology is created in an otherwise flat landscape
nice 🐈 🎣 👏
so you’re saying there’s a chance we make it? yesss 💪!!
looks familiar
the wasn’t even trying hard to achieve 4500 pax/hr. could easily do &gt;10k/hr.
when will they learn … sigh
nice
haha 💯
obviously, bringing on linda allows me to devote more time to tesla, which is exactly what i will be doing!
thanks brian!
well said
i hear your concerns, but don’t judge too early. i am adamant about defending free speech, even if it means losing money.
as soon as is ready, we will do a spaces where you can ask us anything
isn’t california required to keep some portion of excess tax receipts in a “rainy day” fund?
seriously!!
exactly
i subscribed! this is one of the best accounts on the platform.
thanks for the note. i think people from both sides of the political spectrum will find linda to be smart, fair and reasonable.
i am excited to welcome linda yaccarino as the new ceo of twitter! will focus primarily on business operations, while i focus on product design &amp; new technology. looking forward to working with linda to transform this platform into x, the everything app.
you can post over over an hour of 480p video on twitter now
this is next-level
as seen by an unaffected third party
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
semaglutide actually works
random partial reinforcement is powerful 👀
it will get better rapidly
it is remarkable that sparta had no walls when all the other cities did
car suspensions were so bad back then!
that will not be the case
a spire
taco bell’s breakfast crunchwrap is good
there was a time before tv or even radios. just whisky &amp; cards.
the commitment to open source transparency and accepting a wide range of viewpoints remains unchanged
technically, everyone’s a winner 🏆
should be much better
i only ever see cnn on this platform so 🤷‍♂️
close tho
good point
coming
where does one even find cnn?
excited to announce that i’ve hired a new ceo for x/twitter. she will be starting in ~6 weeks! my role will transition to being exec chair &amp; cto, overseeing product, software &amp; sysops.
it would actually work if worn as a hat!
super easy to use starlink out of the box, no professional installer needed!
the world should increase use of nuclear power!
coming soon
thanks dave!
probably true
major update coming in a few months
then he added “silicon is for n00bs, gallium is 1337”
cathie is awesome, interviewer less so
much better
bullseye
early version of encrypted direct messages just launched. try it, but don’t trust it yet.
the guard’s description is right – fallout
exactly
cool!
as mentioned earlier, v11.4.1 has major architectural improvements. it’s actually much more than a point release. should arguably be v12.0, but that’s reserved for when fsd is fully ai from video in to control out.
twitter is an accelerant for x
🤣🤣 same
someone just normal would be great
upgrades are coming
true
the list of who didn’t might be shorter
also, which kind of bat – fruit eating bat or insect eating bat 🦇?
good for tom hanks! it’s time we all took a stand against other people deciding what should offend us!
🤣🤣 same
starlink is a new version of the internet in space
i subscribed!
yes, video is a primary focus
the approver approvers
sure
increasingly possible
it’s possible
interesting idea, maybe jobs too
this would be great
population collapse
they are right
this is the same news org that claimed space flight was impossible …
sophisticated, but easy to use, long form content
indeed
any given satellite communications system can be assessed in terms of useful data transmitted per ton times total tonnage in orbit
amazing
have you considered doing your show on this platform? maybe worth a try. audience is much bigger.
so many stores have closed already
feels so long ago …
congratulations tesla texas team!!
totally agree!
it’s bad enough already. if security guards can’t protect stores, offices, homes or themselves from violent criminals, who would remain in san francisco?
gets me every time
[insert i can’t quit you meme]
with latest version of app, you can dm reply to any message in the thread (not just most recent) and use any emoji reaction. release of encrypted dms v1.0 should happen tomorrow. this will grow in sophistication rapidly. the acid test is that i could not see your dms even if
on this platform, unlike the one-way street of broadcast, people are able to interact, critique and refute whatever is said. and, of course, anything misleading will get . i also want to be clear that we have not signed a deal of any kind whatsoever. tucker is
on this platform, unlike the one-way street of broadcast, people are able to interact, critique and refute whatever he or anyone may say. and, of course, anything misleading will get . i also want to be clear that we have not signed a deal of any kind
coming
it might all be true, but such an incongruent set of claims deserves extreme scrutiny
awesome 😃
didn’t the story come from , which literally specializes in psychological operations? i don’t want to hurt their feelings, but this is either the weirdest story ever or a very bad psyop!
absolutely! america should be recruiting like a pro sports team, not making it insanely difficult for super talented people to become citizens.
there is great danger to media stoking the fires of hatred
great!
cool
trust nothing, not even nothing
yeah. or that whatsapp founders left meta/facebook in disgust, started campaign &amp; made major contributions to building signal. what they learned about facebook &amp; changes to whatsapp obviously disturbed them greatly.
[correction: trailed by several years]
remarkable how , &amp; moved in lockstep, with trailing by ~6 months
highly recommend visiting. ancient rome was remarkably advanced in technology &amp; colorful in decor.
news orgs like to control the narrative &amp; hate being corrected, but at least people know they can come to this platform for a more accurate understanding of the world
whatsapp cannot be trusted
ai brings benefits, but also risks
it would seem that he is *extremely* partisan
interesting article. perhaps can add further context &amp; corrections.
i subscribed!
it won’t get easier to pay down the debt. as debt rises for countries, interest payments consume a larger part of the budget, until there is little room for anything else. tanstaafl
it is borderline illegal to be republican in la or sf
but can they do so without going bankrupt?
how do we know that was actually his social media account? seems very odd that he would have a russian social media account when he doesn’t speak russian.
solid points in support of junior writers and it would not be a significant impact on show budgets. also, shows will be better if junior writers are able to understand the whole picture.
both are rising … troubling
good thread
under consideration. it’s tough to add all these functions to the main timeline without creating a button forest.
strange that election officials from pivotal regions attended a far left conference when they’re supposed to be impartial
haha true, i just bookmarked it
we should go there
sigh
for my part, i just want to support content creators, whether or not they provide extra content when you subscribe
yeah
no, that’s silly. will fix it.
very strange
demolition man’s prediction of the future was shockingly accurate
better than pink eye
i think we should significantly increase legal immigration. if someone has a track record of working hard and hasn’t committed crimes, they should be welcomed.
your support of content creators on this platform is very much appreciated. we keep none of the subscription revenue for the first 12 months &amp; only 10% thereafter.
i subscribed
but it is important to free up abandoned handles
the accounts will be archived
good question
interesting
this gets weirder by the moment
i wonder why
the difference in interest paid is a massive forcing function
more importantly, there are lots of mounting points for third party hardware on cybertruck
we’re adding those features
prototypes are easy, production is hard and achieving positive cash flow is excruciating
cool
livestream starting soon
assume you’re always being manipulated
done!
yeah
will consider. we’re taking steps to improve the processing rate of verification, which has been terrible at times.
i hope you’re wrong, but i suspect you’re right
we always prioritize safety over smoothness. after we achieve a higher tier of safety, then we polish the experience. very important to both both safe and smooth for new users to be comfortable with fsd.
the awareness of the capability of fsd is still shockingly low, even among tesla owners
yeah, it’s insane! roughly 70% of earth is ocean and most of the ocean has zero ships per starlink cell. most people think earth is crowded with humans, but in reality it’s almost empty by surface area. humans congregate in a very small percentage of earth (cities). the entire
cool!
my earnest hope is that americans of all political beliefs trust this platform
any organization that puts quotas above merit, instantly devalues their awards
it’s not a military invasion like ukraine, but it’s also inaccurate to refer to everyone crossing the border as a refugee
once fsd is super smooth (not just safe), we will roll out a free month trial for all cars in north america. then extend to rest of world after we ensure it works well on local roads and regulators approve it in that country.
his assessment is accurate
i don’t think the american public understands that people from all countries are crossing the southern border, as it is so easy to do so
this is next-level!
in other news, large groups of american who love communism were seen rowing to cuba …
interesting details
we’re purging accounts that have had no activity at all for several years, so you will probably see follower count drop
absolutely
absolutely
they’ve created a massive gap between money market account (treasury bill) interest rates at ~4.5% and bank account interest rates at &lt;1%. that’s a massive incentive to move money out of bank accounts!
interesting
sometimes called transparent aluminum. very impressive stuff.
you should be seeing something closer to a 50/50 balance
that chart says it all
unreal
too many asylum patients then, too few now
agreed on all!
exactly
adderall is an anger amplifier. best used sparingly or not at all.
absolutely
11.4.1 is a major improvement
worth subscribing
arguably, v11.4 should be v12.0, as there are so many major improvements. v12 is reserved for when fsd is end-to-end ai, from images in to steering, brakes &amp; acceleration out.
this platform is hell bent on being the least untrue source of information
do they cite any evidence for him being a “nazi white supremacist”?
highly recommend !
ships to tesla employees tomorrow, then progressively wider as confidence grows. we test as much as possible in simulation and with qa drivers, but reality is vastly more complex.
true. what’s actually happening in most countries is population collapse! very important to make new humans. no new humans means no humanity.
what percentage are real?
interesting
are you sure that’s accurate?
what should do more of or less of or aren’t including at all?
in the end, all debts must be paid, just a question of when. later makes it worse.
good conversation between brian &amp; jason
coming soon, plus variable playback speed
interesting
that movie scared a lot of people. we went too far in the past with psychiatric confinement, but now do too little. the results are bad for the severely mentally ill individuals and for society.
i recommend subscribing
makes me happy to see him happy
yeah, major problem! never demand that an ai lie.
turning sea water into clean, drinkable water costs $2 to $5 for 1000 gallons. less than half a penny per gallon is obviously absurdly cheap.
now he’s super buff
some individuals are a danger to themselves and society and it’s not fixable. unfortunately, we do need to keep them in psychiatric facilities. “normal” people are sometimes afraid that perhaps they would be falsely committed to such an institution. they do not realize how far
we’re trying hard to make your feed as compelling as possible (maximize unregretted user minutes). how is it now vs 6 months ago?
probably miami
great question
that is probably an understatement of unrealized losses
happens from time to time. habits die hard.
yesterday in the pit
that’s weird
sadly, it seems so
cool
interesting
interesting
why didn’t they protest when the children were murdered at the christian school? they are disingenuous.
truth is not silenced on this platform
video team has a lot of good stuff coming
demolition man predicted it all
makes sense
that would be awesome. i suspect they will say no, but i will ask warren &amp; charlie.
love
this is incorrect. the de facto us national income tax is 40%. when added to california state income tax, it is 53%. that means the state confiscates a majority of your income. but hey, at least they’re fixing the potholes, right? if you then give money to a person beyond the
people definitely shouldn’t be attacked for doing good. is it really just a question of money to restore hearing? i’m always looking ways to donate money that are actually good. perhaps this is one. it is very hard to donate money if you about it doing actual good, not merely
i only briefly lived with my mom tbc lol
not *every* day is a day closer to agi but close enough sigh
i’d just to see a picture of this mine. like, where is it exactly!?
yeah, like , for example. i talked to him earlier this week. he just wants to netflix &amp; chill.
von neumann … would obviously be a bridge too far, but maybe someone who can fix their own wifi router wouldn’t be too much to ask
possible typo?
it’s a fact. let that sink in.
really?
very important that people from diverse viewpoints write notes. the goal of this platform is to be the least untrue source of information.
feeling nostalgic
kurzweil seems more right every day
major video upgrades coming to this platform!
starlink v2, which we’re beginning to launch, will greatly improve bandwidth. latency &amp; jitter will also get much better.
i still have a soft spot for tbh
we have &amp; will continue to evolve , always with full transparency, &amp; open source &amp; data
yeah 😔
coming soon
i grew up in a lower, transitioning to upper, middle income situation, but did not have a happy childhood. haven’t inherited anything ever from anyone, nor has anyone given me a large financial gift. my father created a small electrical/mechanical engineering company that was
appreciate the kind words from warren &amp; charlie
in that case, you’ll love 11.4.1
interesting
yeah
very true
spacex doesn’t even bother with patents, except to stop patent trolls
so what you’re saying is that there aren’t a lot of atoms?
gold thread
fun discussion of aero &amp; battery technology in f1. i proposed a pure ev vs gas/hybrid f1 race.
my observation of the notes is that they are insightful &amp; accurate. they’re most effective against high profile publications &amp; people, where reply debates are less effective. please lmk if you see a note that was unhelpful or wrong.
concerning
that’s what he told me
cool
interesting
cool
odd, why would the media misrepresent the real situation to such an extreme degree?
not really a moat – just a much higher rate of innovation than competitors
almost like there’s latency in their data, so things are worse than they realize …
yup, massive.
we will have a lower cost tier for small businesses, but need to manage the onboarding of organizations carefully to prevent fraud. the $1000/month is meant for larger organizations.
highly recommend that organizations sign up and validate their affiliates to prevent impersonation
uh oh
cool features coming soon!
if the intern who was asked to write this used chatgpt, that would be amazing
america has a lot of gold!
cool
haha
haha
we should be
you’re exactly right
this kind of interaction with users is awesome. other companies should take note.
nasa spaces about space!
excel 🙌
starlink now constitutes a majority of all active satellites
correct
so awesome
it’s a step in the right direction
cool!
v11.4 is excellent. several days of driving to random pin drop locations in austin. zero safety-critical interventions.
global warming risk is overblown in the short term, but significant in the long term
i will survive
that’s being fixed
great!
an excellent question
this is a *major* issue!
is this accurate?
falcon heavy long exposure looks like 3 laser beams from space
thanks for the 3 doge!
true, electronics all want dc, not ac. so do electric cars.
welcome back to twitter! 💕
may the 4th be with you ❤️
yes, but they are not to blame for san francisco. fundamentally, states and cities must occasionally vote for the other party or you have a one party system. sf is what happens when one party has control for several decades – no feedback loop for correction, because they never
notes ftw again
wow, state of emergency!
please do!
absolutely
the philosophy that led to this bleak outcome will be the end of civilization if extended to the world
so many stores shuttered in downtown sf. feels post-apocalyptic.
lowest in the world?
is this real?
great idea
ending censorship in guise of virtue, handing control of the narrative to the people and actually accurate fact-checking are essential goals. naturally, those who used to control the narrative and censored views they disliked are less than thrilled. how tragic.
it’s almost like there’s a pattern
interesting
14 years ago
always tough with margins for new vehicle lines, especially when there are major technology shifts. i think ford’s overall strategy with evs is smart. the electric f-150 (lightning) has high demand.
haha 😎
great points!
strange days. seems more likely a false flag than an actual (weak) assassination attempt, but either are possible.
aargh, this gets me every time!
oh brave new world
cool
nice work by the recommendations algorithm team! as always, changes will be open source. so far, over 1m lines of code have been uploaded to our github repository.
cool!
haha same. we should touch more grass i guess …
the power of to combat actual disinformation is incredible. at its core, it requires people with diverse viewpoints to agree that a note is valid before it is shown. very hard to game and fully open source.
these guys?
as andrej said, if you hit earth with enough photons, eventually it emits a tesla!
extend consciousness to the stars
i subscribed
crispy
probably won’t even need to pay for it
sorry our video upload is so bad! we’re working on major improvements. i recommend 480p for video longer than 10 mins, as that resolution is fine for phone/laptop users.
this will backfire
this is ridiculous. twitter briefly encountered growing pains, which affected users worldwide. too many people logging on simultaneously. we allocated more server capacity to authentication servers &amp; problem solved.
true
good
congrats!
strange
this is real?
partially visible subscriber-only posts in for you timeline will be a major driver of subscriptions
so the president of a university, which is supposed to be a bastion of freedom of expression, was almost fired for liking factually correct tweets!? that is seriously messed up. the board of trustees should hang their heads in shame and apologize!
the more screentime users spend looking at a post, whether text, pic or video, the more it is boosted. video posted natively to this platform will be boosted more than an external link, because way more time is spent watching a video than clicking on a link.
these are increasingly rare
absolutely
the fed is making decisions using stale data. this is like driving a car while looking out the rear window – fine when the road is straight, but destined to crash when road is winding.
this is a massive problem. doesn’t make sense to keep money in a &lt;1% interest bank account instead of a 4.5% money market (treasury bill) account. as more people &amp; companies realize this, bank depositor flight will accelerate to extreme levels, even for banks that are “too big
there will always be sadness. what matters – i think – is maximizing cumulative civilizational net happiness over time.
🎶 i’m a little teapot … 🎶
sunset in space
true
true
they are the same picture
infinite a lot of things
coming soon
some things are priceless
hinton knows what he’s talking about
go woke, go … it’s been a while since they made quality content.
i’ve been saying this for a while
cult / culture
this is absurd. shame on the ceo and board of trustees of thomas jefferson university!
twitter screen time is usually more than people think
chainmail armor making a comeback!
absolutely. same for twitter.
the account would have many more followers if it posted content
worth subscribing, even if you don’t agree with viewpoint!
absolutely
if this keeps going, making new music will be illegal!
will try it!
the warning a bit too sensitive
yeah
even benign dependency on ai/automation is dangerous to civilization if taken so far that we eventually forget how the machines work
worth reading the machine stops by em forster if you haven’t already
falcon heavy
that bad huh 🤣🤣
i nearly died laughing phew that was close
interview with
over half a decade ago
11.4.1 is promising
tesla self-driving is by far the most advanced real world ai
this is becoming a serious scaling challenge
it is becoming harder for people to get car loans in the us, even when their credit is good. understandable that banks are slow to extend credit when they’re trying to avoid bankruptcy themselves!
cool :)
you should upload your podcasts to this platform
high time humanity had a moonbase
lol they should keep doing it all day
shannon was incredible. his work will stand for eternity.
between, tesla, starlink &amp; twitter, i may have more real-time global economic data in one head than anyone ever
very important
very concerning
just like ai, human neural net training takes a long time, but inference (applying the knowledge) is relatively easy
fed data has too much latency. mild recession is already here. it’s not like just the canary in the coal mine (svb) died, one of the staunchest miners (credit suisse) died too &amp; the cemetery is filling up fast! further rate hikes will trigger severe recession. mark my words.
the goal is to make this platform maximum truth-seeking or, said another way, the least untrue compared to everything else
you’re correct
as more note reviewers from a particular viewpoint pile on, the weight of their note review decreases, thus counteracting brigade / dogpile attacks. everything is open source &amp; critique is welcome.
i agree
home
true
massive attack on freedom of speech
this is a massive attack against freedom of speech
rolling out next month, this platform will allow media publishers to charge users on a per article basis with one click. this enables users who would not sign up for a monthly subscription to pay a higher per article price for when they want to read an occasional article.
printing over a hundred million newspapers per day is a waste of natural resources
we fixed the remaining 2%
this is an issue with android store. waiting for google to fix it.
all proceeds go to content creators, we keep nothing
exactly
that’s the acid test
major software upgrades underway across the board. encrypted dms &amp; other dm upgrades rolling out this week.
support content creators around the world in near &amp; far away places! for many this represents a vital source of income &amp; enables them to put more time into creating great content for you.
same
i mean … what if something went wrong?
community notes ftw again lol
that’s a reasonable assessment. my point is that schools have gone too far, especially in “blue” states, and parents are not aware of how bad it is. a wide array of knowledge, along with critical thinking, should be taught to all children.
hear, hear!
worthy of ridicule
munchausen syndrome
i propose the lmfao test for ai
i recommend subscribing to massimo
to a shocking degree
true
how many of these labs are there?
the bit rate of speech, even “fast” speech”, is absurdly low
always has been
that fix is in work
yeah
the onion has become jarringly unfunny. at the heart of humor is a revealed truth, but woke is a lie, so it is humorless.
most parents have no idea how bad it is
eventually, the worm will turn
thanks for having me
falcon heavy is green for launch
good idea
about to do falcon heavy risk review. i love that rocket, but it’s scary. so many state changes post liftoff.
on show tonight
we will keep 10% after 12 months, but ios/android subscription fees drop from 30% to 15% in year 2, so still a net gain to creators
exactly
note, it takes a few days longer for subscriptions to go active on iphone vs web, as all subscriptions currently have to be approved by apple
physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation. anyone can break laws created by people, but i have yet to see anyone break the laws of physics.
content creators can now enable subscriptions to their text, pics &amp; video worldwide on this platform!
awesome
exactly
hear, hear!
best textbook intro ever
i met with many other senior democratic party leaders too, many of whom, including chuck schumer, i have known for well over a decade. the schumer meeting was over an hour. he was kind, thoughtful and asked insightful questions about ai. this man cares about the american people.
thanks ed, i appreciate the kind words. i almost never encounter negativity in gatherings where i can engage in dialogue with people. when i do encounter some negativity, it’s rare that they can point to anything specific, apart from “bad press”. perhaps this comment thread
anyone making materially false statements on this platform will get community noted, including you, me, tucker, advertisers, head of state, etc. no exceptions. convince the people and let the chips fall where they may.
noted
is this definitely accurate?
[right wing meme]
nothing
oh great
very much so
the data with which the federal reserve is making decisions has too much latency
here we stand, after 13.8 billion years, a testament to the fleeting fragility of consciousness
remember the somme
munchausen by proxy
good meeting
met with and many members of congress about artificial intelligence regulation today. that which affects safety of the public has, over time, become regulated to ensure that companies do not cut corners. ai has great power to do good and evil. better the former.
much has happened
but not in the way it was done last time
not tolerated on this platform
quite a change
if you are taught to hate yourself, you will want to be someone else
some version of them both is inevitable
the swedish study says “sex-reassigned transsexual persons of both genders had approximately a three times higher risk of all-cause mortality than controls”. if we take as given that the other study 2-3x suicide rate is correct, then doing surgery or chemical sterilization on
good point
maybe we are llms, living on a gpu &amp; don’t realize it 👀
kurzweil seems to be right about ~2029
the hard take-off is already happening. just zoom out a little. the most fundamental metric imo is the ratio of digital compute to biological compute vs time. it looks like a wall.
anyone up for the task?
seems early to run an attack ad. also, the ai will be much better next year.
most people in the west accept abortion in the first trimester, but not in the third trimester. europe has a lot of countries, so many variations:
fair enough then re incumbent not doing debates, although that seems like a tradition that should change
people still don’t understand the implications of fsd
i’ve seen quite a few technologies develop, but none with this level of risk. agi is significantly higher risk than nuclear weapons, in my opinion. super smart humans have trouble imagining something vastly smarter than themselves.
over the past few decades, among western elites, lgbt shifted from ostracism (or worse) to being the cool kids club
the mass &amp; difficulty required to build a space habitat like that is extreme. far better to have a base on the moon &amp; city on mars.
thanks! will keep at it.
stream on twitter too!
so bizarre that people and companies don’t use money management (treasury bill) checking accounts and earn 4%!
really? 🤔
i repeat my statement that any parents or doctors who do this should go to prison for life
please correct if wrong
comprehensive study in sweden shows *increased* suicide! death for sex-reassigned persons was higher than for controls of same birth sex, particularly death from suicide. they also had increased risk for suicide attempts and psychiatric inpatient care.
age limit for sterilization by the state or parents too? or is that too much to hope for.
what research? every child goes through an identity crisis, but leaping to a permanent solution that sterilizes them for life before they could possibly consent for themselves is wrong. plain and simple.
we will do our best to support candidates from all parties, so that the public may make the most informed choice. far too much back room dealing seems to be happening.
you and other candidates deserve that opportunity!
exactly
i agree. this is super messed up. mature, consenting adults should do as they wish, so long as they do not harm anyone else, but this child was too young for any kind of consent.
are they simply looking at old data or ignoring the bad data that they have?
congrats!
congrats uae 🇦🇪!!
if you weaponize currency enough times, other countries will stop using it
interesting
great points!
verified accounts are now prioritized
that meme rings a bell
sometimes, when you learn about something, you think you have it
it’s been a while since had to intervene. 11.4 is good.
i agree with assisted suicide if someone is a mature adult, but definitely not kids. there is a reason we have an age of consent.
ask gpt-whatever
our meat computers are so slow 😔
the collective mind that is this platform needs more signal &amp; less noise
collective consciousness
odd couple (2023 remake)
are you ever critical of someone on the left?
can’t shrink humans, so need big rocket
exactly
we’re running out of “everything is fine!” memes
literally
wall-e has decent runway
mind-blowing concept when you first hear it. there is arguably a practical maximum to digits of pi, which is the number required to divide the universe into cubes of planck length.
censor not, lest ye be censored
exactly right. if we lose freedom of speech, it’s never coming back. beware of censorship lest ye censored.
nice. just me here too. if something dumb is said, it’s definitely me.
gravity, gravity, time to escape that for me
or maybe just x
thanks!
i just subscribed
i subscribed!
more
to paraphrase a famous statement about democracy: free press is the worst form of press – except for all the others that have been tried.
jimmy () has already enabled subscriptions on this platform
or we don’t hire anyone, but simply enable content creators to prosper on this platform without applying censorship that goes beyond the law
we’re rapidly improving transparency &amp; fairness on this platform, but there is still a lot of work to do
hard to believe starship actually did launch on 4/20 lol
you’d never guess it’s me!
it will be soon
i kinda love cramer
content creators may wish to enable subscriptions on this platform. just tap on monetization in settings.
if heat death is the fate of the universe, it really is all about the journey
we live in the most interesting of times
i love your relentless optimism in an otherwise pessimistic world!
exactly
interesting
pretty much
thoughtful article by
it will be a brave new world
this really opens your eyes. if they’re this wrong about tesla, what subjects are they actually right about?
this resonates
it has gone full beyond
intense week
twitter is a serious danger to their ability to control the narrative
orwell was right -&gt; schools &amp; media huxley -&gt; public *is* heavily medicated rand was also right, as you say. we now have the perfect storm. did you know that soma is a real drug? takes away pain, but dulls your mind.
i’ll take him!
or, at least, that’s what snorri said
congratulations!
everything
true
true
good advice
certainly trial
i wonder if you can rent them on
thanks dustin
this is crazy. data source?
i subscribed!
great citizen journalism!
i’ve donated $100m to ukraine, how much have you donated? (we turned down the dod money btw)
good points
true
there have been several extended periods of flatness, followed by rapid rises to new plateaus
amazing
incentives matter
allergies
certainly should be same for all
is all this just about raising the pension age from 62 to 64 or is there more to it?
malaria did it for me
the least bad solution to the agi control problem that i can think of is to give every verified human a vote
a troll, me?? 🤣
not exactly neutral
you’re welcome!
what makes so powerful is that people with different points of view have to agree that a note is correct for it to be shown
so many zoolander memes 😂
check mate
do you write in defense of the truth?
starship is super insane, but such a system is the only way for us to become a multiplanet civilization
i will pay for your blue check – my gift to you 💕
well said
have you considered a career in comedy?
still early in analysis, but the force of the engines when they throttled up may have shattered the concrete, rather than simply eroding it. the engines were only at half thrust for the static fire test.
demographics is destiny
anointed nobility is anathema quality of content counts
exactly
i feel your pain
beautiful
my feed has correctly guessed that i like yummy snacks
lol … nice bio btw
being a mom is a real job that deserves major respect
everyone pays the same price for a tesla, including me. same goes for new twitter.
agreed, almost all of this is in work. there will be some mistakes along the way, but we will fix them fast.
rust
bad batch is great
great shot!
exactly
starship liftoff in slow motion
deep time is disturbing
but super obvious in infrared
you correctly highlight the absurdity
lithium ore is very common throughout earth. what matters is refining capacity.
the caffeine one is most concerning! like … how much caffeine did that spider get!?
at this point, i’m quite curious about the manifesto!
i certainly agree that this requires a nuanced evaluation of all the facts, but please stop with the russian bogeyman
next-level irony!
hear, hear!!
there needs to be some accountability here!
all that’s left of the concrete lateral support beam is the rebar! hopefully, this didn’t gronk the launch mount.
interesting thread
3 months ago, we started building a massive water-cooled, steel plate to go under the launch mount. wasn’t ready in time &amp; we wrongly thought, based on static fire data, that fondag would make it through 1 launch. looks like we can be ready to launch again in 1 to 2 months.
🤣🤣 it’s a real thing
we’ve started a “save-a-celebrity fund” to pay their $8. we take this matter very seriously.
i’ll pay for yours
what say you ?
they got caught
exactly
good us history thread
it sucked
couldn’t sleep last night because of starship launch
have to sleep
maybe he’d like some 🧀 with his 🍷
great song
such a strange dichotomy …
such a great day in so many ways
lmaoooo
same
hear, hear!
they’ll survive … somehow …
fate hates hypocrisy
just shatner, lebron and king
as they should
you’re welcome namaste 🙏
it is insane to trust any “social network” or “search” company that won’t show you their source code
and always will be
exactly
i’m paying for a few personally
good thread
starship liftoff
starship supersonic
interesting theory
thanks for having me
thank you on behalf of the spacex team
thanks on behalf of the spacex team!
thank you for your kind words on behalf of the spacex team!
congrats team on an exciting test launch of starship! learned a lot for next test launch in a few months.
t-0 in 4 mins
thanks!
10 minutes to launch
starship on track to launch in ~37 mins
people for scale
evil dead 2
chief nothing officer
software update next week will allow the princely size of 5gb! 😂
all systems currently green for launch
tomorrow is shaping up to be quite the day!
heck of a coincidence!
(this will be fixed)
there is a roughly 2 gb (compressed) file size limit, so uploading at 720p resolution should work
you will always be my captain
why not upload to twitter subscribers?
one day
i love bob
i’m open to ideas, but ripping off the twitter database, demonetizing it (removing ads) and then selling our data to others isn’t a winning solution
very rapid increase!
why did they do that?
they should at least have mentioned that the clinical trials didn’t check for transmission-blocking
exactly
baby me
they trained illegally using twitter data. lawsuit time.
happy birthday, love e!
big boy
absolutely
given federal expenditures, it is a matter of when, not if, we default
as i said several months ago …
a different meaning to “i’ll have the usual”
i can’t tell satire from reality these days. does she really own four houses?
yes, how strange
yeah
will be fixed soon
the team is working around the clock on many issues. maybe 4/20, maybe not.
spend it wisely 🫡
i’m not surprised. taylor is smart and her father is a well-regarded investment banker.
seriously (sigh)
reminds me of fallout
exactly
cool!
they’re right
fringe benefit 🤣
exactly
seriously 🤦‍♂️
lmaoooo
you could charge more than $2!
crazy that this is still so different in 2023
where is the manifesto? the unabomber got his published …
in the fairly near future, internal combustion engine vehicles will be viewed in the same way that we view external combustion engine vehicles (steam engines)!
orbital rockets are a hard problem
intense work schedule
sigh
wait for it …
true
one store after another shutting down
large ships are fundamentally vulnerable to ballistic (hypersonic) missiles
the golden rule
what’s he talking about and why is it sponsored by erik’s son?
umm … no
perhaps inevitable
fun times 🤩
this will be great. coming soon. maximum protection for users.
sorry about this. yes, subscribe now via web or wait a few days for apple to approve. note: creator gets ~92% of subscription for web subscribers (stripe &amp; cc fees are ~8%), but only 70% on ios/android. twitter keeps nothing. all funds we receive go to the content creator.
takes a few days for apple to approve subscriptions, ios lags web subscriptions by a few days
population collapse is a massive threat to civilization
canadian broadcasting corp said they’re “less than 70% government-funded”, so we corrected the label
fundamentally important
good point, generosity is always the right move. 69% it is!
their concern has been addressed
mini starship with flame!
just trying to be accurate. would they be ok if we said 70% govt funded?
was alerted this weekend. looking into it.
fate
learned a lot today, now offloading propellant, retrying in a few days …
a pressurant valve appears to be frozen, so unless it starts operating soon, no launch today
cryogenic propellant load of starship is underway, liftoff in t minus 1 hour
starship launch attempt in ~7 hours
treasury is (obviously) correct
same
an implausible rocket on the beach
low birthrate is under-appreciated as causal in the fall of civilizations. rome was having birth rate issues even during the reign of caesar.
thanks for the subtitles 🤣🤣
so it goes …
exactly
we will try
yeah
in any event, good manners require using the person’s name, not their pronoun, when referring to them
i subscribed
you’re welcome, now if only you were the actual head of the fed!
launch attempt tomorrow
absolutely
i subscribed
it’s felt like that for a long time
pronouns are virtue-signaling, so inevitably, as with all virtue-signaling, they will be used as a shield by bad humans
i mean … one does control what happens a little
i subscribed!
send a bbc boss with 3 mini bosses
next time, they should send a better npc!
makes sense
i saw it happening from well before gpt-1, which is why i tried to warn the public for years. the only one on one meeting i ever had with obama as president i used not to promote tesla or spacex, but to encourage ai regulation.
i hope this is true
germ theory took a shockingly long time to be accepted! the entire medical establishment was against it for centuries. von leeuwenhoek's 1677 ‘letter on the protozoa’ was verified by the royal society.
fate hates hypocrisy
my identical twins scored within 1 point of each other on tests taken on different days
true. wish it wasn’t.
tolkien barely survived. bolitho too. both born in south africa, almost to die in trenches for nothing.
yay! nice work dragon team!
well said
also the plot of deus ex
probably people would
i will do a starship spaces at 6pm ct tomorrow for subscribers only
creators in japan, canada, australia and new zealand can now enable subscriptions on this platform. our goal is to maximize the prosperity of creators!
fermi’s paradox troubles me greatly
tom, we’re not “starting a price war”, we’re just lowering prices to enable affordability at scale
those were sick when they came out
i knew it was futile, but “let the record show …”
tell me about it … sigh
nice!
at scale, you hit limit of available power, so it’s just useful compute per joule. the “useful” qualifier is important.
useful compute per unit of energy is what will matter most
and people who steal memes!
the timing of this couldn’t be worse
the so-called chief “fact-checker” at washington post has been dinged by several times for making false statements 🤣🤣
your direct experience, people you talk to in the subject area &amp; independent research will get you much closer to the truth
the bbc interview last week was exceptional in illustrating why you cannot rely on the media for truth
i still have launch ptsd from early falcon days. my limbic system twists my guts into a knot as we get closer to launch.
it’s worth considering deleting your blocks. what’s the worst that can happen? words &amp; emojis …
haha 💯
this platform is great for
haha
that’s why i deleted my block list
negative feedback received on this platform is great for reducing ego-based errors
gets me every time
coming
*unreleased
try enabling subscriptions and posting unrelated songs &amp; music videos for fans
you should consider enabling subscriptions for your account
good book
true. that is happening in schools today.
imagine how this makes fomo capital (the vc firm) feel!
that is *actually* what they did. going forward, this platform will be fair &amp; transparent.
odd for period pieces
with booster ultimately flying up to ~20 times per day &amp; ship flying up to ~5 times per day. useful load to mars is ~150 metric tons, but requires ~5 orbital refilling tanker flights. target: &gt;1 megaton of cargo &amp; people delivered to mars, so that it becomes self-sustaining.
you should sign up for subscriptions, then, for example, post low res images free and high res for subscribers or whatever you want
there is massive uncertainty with a new launch. we don’t know exactly when it will fly.
anyone who thinks this risk is 0% is an idiot
i can’t tell parody from reality these days
i have a feeling it might get delayed 3 days …
success maybe, excitement guaranteed!
lot of ways for ai to go wrong
speak for yourself
am doing interviews across the political spectrum. bbc’s sf division is “left wing”, as evidenced by the questions he asked. tucker is “right wing”. next week, i will do interviews with moderate &amp; slightly left media.
the new york times has fallen so far it’s tragic. now, they don’t even have a verified check. 😢
let’s have an ai-designed fashion show irl
all the news that’s fit for … i forgot the last part
that’s messed up
exactly. take a walk through downtown around twitter hq. outrageous that city officials would claim that it is not dangerous!
the american public certainly needs to understand and our elected representatives must consent to our involvement
true
you content is great. how many subscribers do you have?
hypocrisy
tough job
legislators doing nada is often way better than the alternative
plastic straws are fine
haha
leadership can make all the difference in the world
amazing that carbon in diamond form is ~5 times better at conducting heat than the best metal (silver)
any parent or doctor who sterilizes a child before they are a consenting adult should go to prison for life
unfortunate, but true
just run a poll after you post a movie
what’s a woman?
far better than being indoctrinated by the state!
the ai figured out what it meant
and sometimes a discussion on spaces
once every few weeks, i will do an ask-me-anything for subscribers only
one should always be wary of the popular thing
not bad
the news tries to answer the question: what’s the worst thing that happened on earth today? that’s why it’s so misery-inducing.
the weakness of an npc is their limited dialogue tree
cbs/npr have engaged in extreme hypocrisy. fate loves irony, but despises hypocrisy.
exactly!
tough years
should just work
app update needed
dark if true lol
daily mail has some great headlines 🤣
we will that to the feature list, but right now you can easily post “here is 30 secs of my awesome video, subscribe to see it all”
scale does matter
true
you can post partial videos for free and reserve full video for subscribers
exactly
it should work via web interface
reaching volume production &amp; achieving positive cash flow is insanely hard
agreed. one step at a time.
yeah
that would be great!
great point. we will add that!
currently, all subscribers have to be approved by apple for ios. we’re waiting for the next batch to approved.
dogs rock
exactly
working on it
we should dress in far more interesting ways than we currently do!
we’re removing that requirement
for the next 12 months, twitter will keep none of the money. you will receive whatever money we receive, so that’s 70% for subscriptions on ios &amp; android (they charge 30%) and ~92% on web (could be better, depending on payment processor). after first year, ios &amp; android fees
working on it
you might want to consider enabling subscriptions for some of your work or just so that people can thank you
apply to offer your followers subscriptions of any material, from longform text to hours long video! just tap on “monetization” in settings.
sickkk, but who can make it?
if heath death of the universe is how things end, it really is all about the journey
it would be good to have twitter worldwide
well, technically it is both for me
i really do
turning ai-designed fashion into real clothing would be great
good news! ai regulation will be far more important than it may seem today.
exactly
yeah
that’s messed up
congratulations!
sunlight is the best disinfectant, so let’s shed some light on the media puppet-masters!
💯 it’s anchor man en masse, but who wrote the memo?
that would be sickkk 🤣
if what you say is true, who is writing the bs they’re buying?
definitely not 🤣
like talking marionettes … but who is pulling the strings?
interesting
thank you for your excellent contribution to tesla!
buy when others panic, sell when they’re irrationally exuberant
sure yeah, yeah, definitely not influenced by the state …
publicly funded pbs joins publicly funded npr in leaving twitter in a huff after being labeled “publicly funded” 🤣
maybe we should use something else or make our own
this cast of characters show up a lot
interesting
good ideas
he is entertaining in his own way lol
we’re working on it. twitter has a surprisingly complex codebase, so progress is slower than we’d like.
we’re firing up creator subscriptions bigtime! works for longform text, pics or video.
facts
this is why paid verification is essential. won’t stop people using ai for impersonation &amp; scams, but it increases cost &amp; difficulty of doing so by several orders of magnitude.
npr literally says federal funding is *essential* on their website right now at what have you got against the truth ?
currently stuck in apple app store approval process, so button works on web &amp; android, but not yet ios
i will pay a million dogecoin for proof of this mine’s existence!
yeah
buffett is earning crazy money from his treasury bills
unreal
hello?
good find
exactly
tough sledding until spring next year is my best guess
i do say in the interview that i have a lot of respect for the . no organization is perfect, or course, but the bbc overall quite good.
guess they won’t mind losing federal funding in that case 🤷‍♂️
npr literally said “federal funding is essential to public radio” on their own website (now taken down). what hypocrites!
defund
this will make some people upset, but i need to emphasize that accelerating synthetic mrna technology was another silver lining. it is a revolution in medicine, like going from analog to digital. the covid mrna vaccine dosage level was too high and having a zillion booster shots
yeah
seriously 🤣🤣
exactly, “misinformation” is indeed the trojan horse for censorship
what more could you ask for in a ceo!?
the singularity is near
exactly
this time with video &amp; better audio
same cast of characters every time
this is super messed up!
absolutely
he has black turtleneck &amp; husky voice – what more do you need!?
yeah
i said bbc could come twitter, then, to my surprise, a reporter shows up
penetrating deep &amp; hard with
the world wants to know!
[nsfw warning]
now we’ll never know if he likes bbc!
yeah
doing a twitter spaces interview in 10 mins with the of
true, civilization uses a tiny amount of energy. just seems high to us silly monkeys. our sun, which is not particularly special as stars go, turns over 4m tons of mass into energy every second!
amazing
many people i know love it!
so inspiring to see that they have their priorities right
final date for removing legacy blue checks is 4/20
yeah
it’s super easy to get fentanyl *right now*. people buy it in open air drug markets in sf and take it right in front of you in broad daylight! they don’t even try to hide. i see this almost every time i drive to twitter. just as with alcohol prohibition, people didn’t actually
we are going to re-examine this policy
people give up reporting crime when no action is taken or the criminal is immediately released. they actually call it “catch and release”.
phew
not totally wrong. slept on a friend’s couch last weekend.
indeed
big problem
good question
downtown sf looks like a zombie apocalypse. people who’ve not been there have no idea.
the court proceedings will hopefully illuminate this matter
amazing
we need a vp of propaganda … errr i mean public relations!
sigh
yes, but, more importantly, doing so by massive theft of twitter data
we’re enabling users to post long articles &amp; earn income from subscribers, but we’re not excluding other media. substack was temporarily categorized as “unsafe” when we discovered that they were illegally downloading vast amounts of data to pre-populate their twitter clone.
2003 is an old survey, so russian doesn’t dominate as much then as in 2012, but the point remains valid
almost no one among the cognoscenti even knows this. why does our western press insist on pushing such a lopsided view of the conflict? they must either think that the public is too dumb to understand nuance or the press themselves lack a deep understanding.
their technology is so ancient. world of warcraft economy is lightyears better (actually).
nice
an advantage of having organizational affiliation on this platform is that you can change your name without losing verification. more importantly, it helps greatly with reducing impersonation fraud.
i think we should legalize it. the probability of overdose or a bad batch is greatly reduced if there is actual qa &amp; regulation. also, crime flourishes when substances are made illegal. alcohol is very much a “drug” – it’s just a legacy drug from olden times when we had no
your boundless optimism is uplifting!
tbh, i’m just hoping a media org that takes itself way too seriously writes a story about harry bōlz …
say that at a party, then spit in their drinks &amp; walk out the room. baller move.
the roman corvus, invented for the battle of mylae, would probably have been faster. carthage thought they had the best fleet. their overconfidence led to their defeat.
on the internet, i’m only 3 inches tall (best case)
that is true for some, but for many it was simply because they had a buddy at twitter or were a mashable intern 10 years ago or they outright bought it
we’re working on burnt hair. has to be just right.
what is the principle?
boring company: flamethrower (not a)
if that were actually true, “the rich” of 100 years ago would have all the money today, but they do not
modern dentistry is underappreciated
what if we create a “help-a-celebrity” fund to pay the $7?
impersonating others is wrong!
dke yeah u know me
the underlying principle: if you don’t like reality, just ignore it!
a classic
starship launch trending towards near the end of third week of april
some duct tape &amp; superglue will fix this right up!
extremists of any kind tend to lack a sense of humor, because they live in a state of outrage and dehumanize the other side
absolutely
good question. who are the people responsible for this nightmare situation?
they tried to muffle our titter 🤭
this is a controversial take, but i think it’s time we let women vote
what does a dyslexic, agnostic amnesiac who believes in crypto do? lies up all night thinking about doge.
our landlord at sf hq says we’re legally required to keep sign as twitter &amp; cannot remove “w”, so we painted it background color. problem solved!
great way to make friends lol
passing butter
oh stop 🥰
if you want to know what actually matters, just get a life insurance quote. that cuts out the bs. if you think you’re smarter than them, start a life insurance company and put them out of business.
epic 🤣
the precision of our biological clock across trillions of cells is incredible. one never sees someone with an old left arm, but a young right arm. aging can obviously be fixed. the real question is whether it should be.
too much corruption with how legacy checks were handed out in the past. as said, accounts should grow or shrink their influence based on the quality of their posts, not because they were anointed by someone years ago at twitter.
long-term thinking will be rewarded
we need to add more granularity to editorial influence, as it varies greatly. i don’t actually think the bbc is as biased as some other government-funded media, but it is silly of the bbc to claim zero influence. minor government influence in their case would be accurate.
i do actually follow the bbc – they have some great material
it’s coming
what does bbc stand for again? i keep forgetting.
candle in rocket engine lasts ~0.1 sec analogies are not physics
a maximally curious ai is probably best. the cat lobby will oppose this, naturally, but it will receive strong support from monkeys name george.
i’m almost there
this platform will neither promote nor limit their accounts, but we will rapidly address any attempts at gaming the system. it is a weak move to engage in censorship just because others do so. letting our press be free when theirs is not demonstrates strength.
wd sync w ur iphone &amp; tell u when 2 💩
i’d buy one tbh
he must really want it to pay so much, but what does he want?
yeah, wrong on many levels. tesla is increasing production rapidly in texas, california &amp; nevada. our competitors require subsidies, not us. that said, if competitors get subsidies, tesla should get them too. tesla’s competitive position would improve if all subsidies ended.
i’m told putin called me a war criminal for helping ukraine, so he’s not exactly my best friend. all news is to some degree propaganda. let people decide for themselves.
wow, almost 10 years since the groundbreaking!
starship
that is surprisingly common these days
beats me. some amount of ivory tower pseudointellectualism is probably to blame.
true
happy easter!
wow. oh well, still awesome.
our lifespan is programmed into our genes, just like it is for fruit flies or pets. fruit are already vegan &amp; even if they do yoga every day &amp; take every supplement, they still only live 50 days.
i am told that his son is de facto in charge
tesla opening megapack factory in shanghai to supplement output of megapack factory in california
once prominent, they’re one of the few to have succeeded. too much talent is chasing software, much like hollywood has too much talent chasing acting. it’s silly to have 10 talented entrepreneurs all chase same saas niche when they could be epically successful in heavy industry.
yeah, it’s weird
major misallocation of capital imo. most on this list won’t make it. not enough talent in manufacturing &amp; heavy industries.
after agi, yes
and they still haven’t invited me 😭
starship is ready for launch 🚀 awaiting regulatory approval
we need to predict what pedestrians will do based on their behavior, including limb angle &amp; direction of sight. fsd currently sees all pedestrians as cuboids, so is overly cautious. also, diffusion seems to be more compute-efficient than transformers for vision.
the gerontocracy is real
i keep telling people i’m an alien, but no one believes me 😢
i don’t understand his goal
twitter
there must be video footage from nearby locations
🤣 true
24 hour fitness
this is messed up
true. the issue is that nothing should make one morally unimpeachable or bad actors will be drawn to it as a shield for their bad actions.
cancel cancel culture
i’m proudly half canadian!
true friends are true fortune
i hesitate to say this, but it might be too pointy
and we need to add 3 more raptor vacuum engines, because it’s inevitable
will get bigger. ship will probably stretch by another 10m or so.
got to break a few eggs to make an omelette … 🍳
good question
friendship takes work, enmity is effortless
haha exactly
so many stories just like this
we’ve made some upgrades
1. substack links were never blocked. matt’s statement is false. 2. substack was trying to download a massive portion of the twitter database to bootstrap their twitter clone, so their ip address is obviously untrusted. 3. turns out matt is/was an employee of substack.
true
bowie &amp; bach are my two fav musicians
great point
he sounds great
sigh
parents are not allowed to know what teachers are telling their kids?
true
for a community note to be shown widely, it must be approved by multiple reviewers with different viewpoints. if both left &amp; right wing reviewers agree on a note, then it is highly likely to be accurate! this is a big part of the (not) secret sauce. it is all open source.
just a scratch
no one at openai signed it, so it’s irrelevant
caused by expired ground station cert. we’re scrubbing the system for other single-point vulnerabilities.
sorry, slight glitch with starlink. coming back online now.
also, believe your eyes as you walk around downtown sf. it’s insane.
well-said
high-strength stainless steel armor is needed to protect the launch stand from the world’s biggest blowtorch! even steel will be eroded fast by the starship booster plume. we will need to make a water-cooled steel jacket to achieve full reusability.
i am dumb way more often than i’d like to be!
most critics these days seem to write for each other, rather than the public. i miss roger ebert.
yeah, cockatoos too!
sounds messed up
this will be great for reducing impersonation risk
this trend will accelerate
true, it was my worst decision ever
messed up
noice
so many well off critics don’t understand that demand at scale is limited by affordability. there is plenty of demand for our products, but if the price is more money than people have, that demand is irrelevant.
italy is disappearing!
true
if you become mayor, my companies will double their investment in san francisco. such an incredible city has been used &amp; abused by management for too long!
🤣 don’t fall asleep on the floor with long hair and a roomba
scary. i suppose it’s not boring, but still.
i should emphasize that someone really has to go over-the-top by repeatedly harassing the same account with no provocation to get their post bounced. this is not a hair-trigger situation.
these are great
true
fazedarrayftw
very misleading headline
but awesome for trolling
who … me? ☺️ 🧌
not a bad suggestion. will consider.
yeah, you can totally delete things from the internet – that works perfectly and doesn’t draw attention to whatever you were trying to hide at all
oh stop with the compliments! 😊
starship is stacked &amp; ready to launch next week, pending regulatory approval
we are gradually reducing it, proportionate to improved safety
any highly successful investor with a long track record would do a good job – the job is essentially fund management at scale
probably buffett. he could do it using less than an hour’s time per week.
actually, will add this app to my name in the meantime
is this real?
2008 was hell
as soon as we finish functionality for multi-org affiliation
if they’re misleading the public, will correct them
almost all major organizations are in process of rolling out affiliate badges. this is very important for protecting users against sophisticated impersonation scams.
best pic of uranus ever
fact check: correct
good one 🤣🤣
they need to make reusable rockets
cool
exactly
i love fashion tbh
what is surprising is that so few people realize this. individuals should always wonder who wrote the software running in their head. don’t be an npc.
starship preparing for launch 🚀
wow, the critics are so disconnected from reality!
it is for me
and tesla is getting it done
fermi was incredible. i like that he cared that we see no evidence of aliens. it is a fundamental question about the nature of the universe.
maybe a link under the account name to the list of community notes of an account that is frequently posting incorrect information
very sorry to hear that. many people i know have been severely assaulted. violent crime in sf is horrific and even if attackers are caught, they are often released immediately. is the city taking stronger action to incarcerate repeat violent offenders ?
🔥 comments
seems accurate
brand is the cumulative perception of a company’s products over time
summary of argument against ai safety
first i’ve heard about this. did they identify what content they’re concerned about?
agreed. the moral guiding star should be to stop racism, not replace one form of it with another, as some have done.
very true
the rules are consistent. even though i think you’re awful and i consider billy markus to be a friend, he still had to delete his post or be suspended.
to avoid losing the trust of the american public, it is important that our justice system pursue democrats and republicans with equal vigor. whichever party most puts justice before nepotism is the one that deserves trust.
tesla will continue to use outside litigators, but it’s important to build a powerful litigation team internally, so that we’re not always on the defensive. we’ll also go after the wall st short-sellers, certain law firms &amp; (sometimes) corrupt regulators who are the true evil.
if the dem party had a time machine
straing daze theze r
true
🤣 true
spending time in deep space doesn’t seem to affect lifespan
team is closing the loop on interventions very rapidly. to get enough training examples for potential serious accidents, we have to run them in sim, as we have so few in the fleet, despite doing ~1m miles per day of fsd.
yup, happening in plain sight
i’ve been saying this for over a decade
very true
probably correct
if we had been allowed to introduce new evidence, the verdict would’ve been zero imo. jury did the best they could with the information they had. i respect the decision.
wise words. the technology finally exists to change that.
thanks for the correction
why would anyone who doesn’t live in new york care about their times!? i’m confused.
they voluntarily did exactly what i wanted them to do
it is media’s control of what to write about in the first place that is far more insidious than having some facts wrong in an article
nope
i wish the media would stop flattering me all time … it’s a bit much guys ☺️
video too
interesting
as promised
i ate three times body weight in donuts!
nice
they should really get rid of that 100 iq maximum limit for creating an account on instagram
well done!
actually, airplanes used to crash frequently! eventually, so many people died that the faa was created to ensure that commercial aircraft makers &amp; airlines didn’t cut corners on safety. now, flying on an airliner in america is super safe.
good question
critically, community notes applies equally to every account on this platform without exception, including world leaders &amp; our biggest advertisers
credit to tim sweeney for realizing this before me
once a writer gets noted a few times, they usually try a lot harder to be truthful, which greatly amplifies the positive effect of
true
some of the ai art is incredible &amp; it keeps getting better!
your feed is great
thank you for entrusting with this mission
“deceptive headline backfires on reuters”
can i interest you in a tunnel, perhaps?
whoa
very concerning
great interview on ai
ny times is being incredible hypocritical here, as they are super aggressive about forcing everyone to pay *their* subscription
fsd is getting really good
yeah, above ground upside down pyramid should connect to an underground pyramid. would be sick.
feels like the future
walked whole cybertruck production line at giga texas for several hours earlier today – gonna be awesome!
these are great
true
verification of accounts will help a lot. we are adding date of verification to the profile. note, only date since paid verification counts, since there was so much corruption in the past with legacy checkmarks.
also, their feed is the twitter equivalent of diarrhea. it’s unreadable. they would have far more real followers if they only posted their top articles. same applies to all publications.
$7 is a small price for freedom
if there were in fact such an epidemic, the white house &amp; every newspaper in the western hemisphere would shout each case from the rooftops! there isn’t one.
what future do you want?
this
sounds familiar
the real tragedy of is that their propaganda isn’t even interesting
billionaires suck lol
tell me this isn’t the best $8 you’ve ever spent 🤣🔥
oh ok, we’ll take it off then
san francisco cooked its golden geese. now the golden state risks doing the same. better to collect the golden eggs forever than eat the goose once.
you were a significant enough to be blacklisted, but allegedly not enough to be verified. they lied. in reality, it was just partisan censorship / propaganda.
the white house is just a small cottage. we need to move on!
we should build a new presidential office in the shape of a giant upside down pyramid! sure, they’ve built normal pyramids before, but a giant upside down pyramid? that takes advanced technology.
our algorithm is obviously horrendous, but it will get better fast and in full view of the public, whose trust we must earn
the eagerness of english to add foreign words has contributed greatly to its success! this is a great podcast:
how much english is used in italy? we love adding italian words to our vocabulary!
if an account is permanently suspended, all its activity is removed
exactly
a little sugar is fine
oh … the irony
inspiration for the (not a) flamethrower!
agreed
extremely concerning, given that it leads to a dystopian future – just walk around downtown sf to see what will happen
aerospace safety is overseen by the faa, because people had had enough of dying due to shoddy manufacturing &amp; maintenance, but there is no agency overseeing ai at all.
geo direct mission
who is behind these botnets? million dollar bounty if convicted.
i recommend having 1/4 to 1/2 of an epic donut 🍩 it’s diminishing returns after the first few bites.
more than days away, but hopefully not many weeks away
you could literally film a walking dead episode unedited in downtown sf. this is where san francisco politics leads and twitter was exporting this self-destructive mind virus to the world. with some exceptions, other tech companies are still doing so. evil in guise of good.
they know they cannot defend what their algorithm actually does, so they will keep it closed
ok fine ai should do fashion it’s awesome
only thing on fire are kessler’s pants
steak is great too!
“incendiary” 🤣🤣 🔥🔥
me after 1 day of not eating sugar
yeah!!
somehow, i’m still alive, despite having ice cream since i was a child. it’s a miracle!
sorry, that’s just the donut talking
also, that doc looks pretty old for someone who’s only age 25
sugar is awesome 😎
wait for it …
this is most of the recommendation code. in the coming weeks, we will open source literally everything that contributes to showing a tweet, such that the output can be at least roughly approximated.
should be &amp; will be
someone should make a movie about that
avoiding dystopian outcomes is not easy. the intent is not for the algorithm to be some judgy moral arbiter, but rather that it do its best to inform &amp; entertain. trying to maximize unregretted user-minutes seems like the right objective.
it will
i will die in america (or mars if lucky)
yeah!
don’t look up … but agi instead of comet
according to my biological nns, ai existential risk to humanity is non-trivial
we live in the most interesting of times
you really think ai is a single-edged sword?
so are we lol
absolutely
ehrlich despises humanity. nothing he says should be given the slightest credibility.
his “population bomb” book might the most damaging anti-human thing ever written
mostly accurate tbh
lol, but maybe
yikes
later this week
concerning
the cdc?
nice
this is messed up
not sure, but after watching some of his talks online, he would not be an obvious choice to play the protagonist in a movie
good list
thanks for paying me $8
which is, ironically, obviously super racist!
hope you’re having a great day 1 2023! one thing’s for sure, it won’t be boring.
agreed, update coming in jan
i’d like to thank the people of norway again for their incredible support of electric vehicles. norway rocks!! 🇳🇴
yeah, this is silly. i love your work!
exactly! i am obviously “moderate wing”, except as viewed by the far left.
piketty is a misanthrope
on the list
sometimes it’s just better to make pizza at home
absolutely
key test for authenticity is how someone is in live back &amp; forth discussion where canned speeches don’t work, eg twitter spaces. has she done anything like that?
unlike likes, bookmarks are private
easy to create folders to bookmark tweets into various categories
twitter has a bookmark function accessible through share button on tweet. to read bookmarks, tap profile icon. this obscure ui will be fixed in jan.
to the best of my knowledge, i have never met him, nor was i at that halloween party in romania
please take both of those sentences fully to heart!
absolutely
tesla megapack (and powerwall) will make a massive difference to achieving a sustainable energy future for earth!
yup, should be the best deal in town!
wow
arabesque
this is such lamé propaganda lol
wow
&lt;insert cartridge&gt; &lt;run program&gt;
🤬 😂
wow
wow
17k rpm rotor – wow
wow
wow
lol
obv
basedai
anubis
wow
wow
lol
🏴‍☠️
!!!
kek
ev-1 -&gt; tzero -&gt; roadster -&gt; s3xy -&gt; semi -&gt; cybertruck …
why ?
wow
yes!
yes
basedai
lol
ftw :)
yup
cue andré meme
🔥 🚽 🤫
⚡️ ♥️
yes
🍦 😋
🤣🤣 🎈🎈
wow
lol
lol
yes!
wow
rtfm
yes
disponibile in italia!
wow
similar
420
wow
wow
わかりました
investigating
cue eric andré meme
lol
💣 🤣
wow
yup
strange daze
lol
wow
wow
je me souviens pluto 🥹
yes
wow
🛡️ ve ri tas 🛡️
lol
wow
lol
yup
taibbi ftw
yes
constitutional violation
wow
🤦‍♂️
hey!
yes
😵‍💫
if you don’t think there’s at least a tiny chance you’re an npc … you’re an npc
odd …
yes
🤣🤣🔥🔥
lol
uhh …
wow
wow
lol
kek
yes
yup
yes
wow
🔥🔥 💰 💰🔥🔥
wow
!!!
grazie
wow
3 - 3 wow!!!
🔥🔥🔥
hallelujah!!
yes
🤷‍♂️
bizarre
wow
wow
and soon, ladies &amp; gentlemen, the coup de grâce
🤣🤣🤣
🧙‍♀️ 🪄
lol
insane
wow
yes
yay!
ps5
wow
yes
1000%
lol
fasting
uh oh, mine must be tiny!
naturally, there will be a catgirl version of our optimus robot
the point of ai day is to show the immense depth &amp; breadth of tesla in ai, compute hardware &amp; robotics
should be according to greatest need, not race or anything else
webcast link
tesla ai day 2022 starts at precisely 6:15pm california time
tesla team is awesome, such an honor to work with them!
that is not cgi
the hands of optimus
i still love the 747. epic plane.
haha 💯
such an incredible engine!
it will be filled with graffiti art
neuralink is working super hard to ensure implant safety &amp; is in close communication with the fda. if things go well, we might be able to do initial human trials later this year.
if you’ve worked on advanced wearables, phones or robots, those skills are needed
feels weird helping make (hopefully good version of) cyberpunk come true
please consider working at neuralink! short-term: solve brain/spine injuries long-term: human/ai symbiosis latter will be species-level important work at either at our bay area or austin locations
on clubhouse tonight at 10pm la time
tom has some great stories about experimenting with premixed o2/ch4 before spacex. that is not recommended haha.
he became a big fan of methane, but was not pushing it initially. that came from me reading about soviet methane engine tests that got over 380 isp. at that isp, a subcooled methane stage gets slightly better delta-v than a hydrogen stage.
that sounds correct. tom certainly deserves a lot of credit for his excellent work on those engines! dean ono too for kestrel &amp; draco.
tom is great &amp; was instrumental in developing early versions of merlin &amp; kestrel, but not later versions of merlin or starship/raptor
t/w will be ~1.5, so it will accelerate unusually fast. high t/w is important for reusable vehicles to make more efficient use of propellant, the primary cost. for expendable rockets, throwing away stages is the primary cost, so optimization is low t/w.
no escaping that for me
read the whole article 🤣🤣
warm, sunny day &amp; snowy mountains
what a beautiful day in la
yeah, dr frankensteen
i never used this guy. he gave a talk at spacex once.
only halo
i sure hope that’s not true at tesla or spacex!
cryoproof, then install engines
in retrospect, it was inevitable
great shot
live by the sword, die by the sword
entropy
buy &amp; hold companies that make goods &amp; produce services you love
earth is small &amp; we are smaller still
with cyberpunk, even the hotfixes literally have hotfixes, but … great game
the dollar is shorting itself
indeed
shopify is great too. spacex used them.
indeed. the economy — making useful products &amp; providing great services — is what actually matters.
tanstaafl. would be better to have small fees than no fees, as latter makes robinhood beholden to big trading houses. got to pay the bills somehow. even etsy has fees.
here come the shorty apologists give them no respect get shorty
u can’t sell houses u don’t own u can’t sell cars u don’t own but u *can* sell stock u don’t own!? this is bs – shorting is a scam legal only for vestigial reasons
finishing engineering this year, production starts next year. aiming to have release candidate design drivable late summer. tri-motor drive system &amp; advanced battery work were important precursors.
i made that video!
absolutely
unlike its aircraft division, which is fine, the faa space division has a fundamentally broken regulatory structure. their rules are meant for a handful of expendable launches per year from a few government facilities. under those rules, humanity will never get to mars.
the esthetics of cyberpunk are incredible btw. the interior design is👌.
a little
new roadster is part rocket
there’s more storage now &amp; easily upgradable
yeah, probably in a few months
after you drive without using a prnd stalk/stick for a few days, it gets very annoying to go back &amp; use a shifter!
no more stalks. car guesses drive direction based on what obstacles it sees, context &amp; nav map. you can override on touchscreen.
a hedge fund that shorts is a shrubbery
yeah, also a rear screen
0 to 155mph trap speed in a 1/4 mile. 200mph top speed (with right tires).
first production car ever to achieve 0 to 60 mph in less than 2 seconds
it can play cyberpunk
plaid model s ships next month
even discord has gone corpo …
yup. wild times on discord haha.
waiting for faa review …
gamestonk!!
passed initial pressure test
bought a hand knit wool marvin the martian helm for my dog
i kinda love etsy
it does not serve the public to hamstring starlink today for an amazon satellite system that is at best several years away from operation
we’re hoping for faa approval of a test flight tomorrow afternoon
yes, although it will be crazy not to turn on fsd
tesla is steadily moving all nns to 8 camera surround video. this will enable superhuman self-driving.
[some tyranny]. also, the road to hell is mostly paved with bad intentions.
catchy!
all sats launched next year will have laser links. only our polar sats have lasers this year &amp; are v0.9.
i hope so
these also have laser links between the satellites, so no ground stations are needed over the poles
sorry for the version confusion. v8.1 is what it should say for fsd. separate version number for rest of car.
to my surprise, tesla has better ai hardware &amp; software than waymo (money)
it floats
fallout-themed opening party for vegas loop happening as soon as allowed!
under vegas in tunnel yesterday with my boys
lasers
we’re switching to a more sensible fsd version numbering to distinguish between major &amp; minor updates. current build is fsd 8.1. it drove me to an unfamiliar location in la &amp; back last night with no interventions!
hopefully, early next week
given so many other companies are depending on this mission, it is getting even more scrutiny than a starlink flight
launching many small satellites for a wide range of customers tomorrow. excited about offering low-cost access to orbit for small companies!
they are part of the solution, but require lots of fresh water &amp; land. we may need something that’s ultra-large- scale industrial in 10 to 20 years. for now, by far the top priority is accelerating the transition to a sustainable energy economy.
it’s a good path for fully renewable rocket energy, so solves part of problem, but longer chain hydrocarbons than ch4 are needed to be solid at room temp
details next week
am donating $100m towards a prize for best carbon capture technology
pretty much
that would probably mean civilization is doing great, although depends on assumptions for inflation haha
he’s everywhere 🤣🤣
absolutely! they rock. 🖤
the rate-limiting part or process in cell production is constantly changing
cars &amp; trucks stuck in traffic generate megatons of toxic gases &amp; particulate, but road tunnels under miami would solve traffic &amp; be an example to the world. spoke with about tunnels last week. if governor &amp; mayor want this done, we will do it.
with our giant casting machines, we are literally trying to make full-size cars in the same way that toy cars are made
tegmark is an exceptionally smart &amp; good human
the best manufacturing technology is in ultra high volume industries, like food &amp; beverage, some medical (eg syringes) &amp; toys
battery cell production is the fundamental rate-limiter slowing down a sustainable energy future. very important problem.
looking into this. no question that fsd should be viewed as reasonably valuable when doing a trade-in.
for sure
glad you’re ok
congratulations!
this is a good one
i whistle
cybertruck doesn’t need a garage
it will be awesome
good point
your server-side code is doing too much
happy birthday wikipedia! so glad you exist.
guess you been watching cobra kai
fallout new texas
only chuck norris can divide by zero
good point
the thing we call money is just an information system for labor allocation. what actually matters is making goods &amp; providing services. we should look at currencies from an information theory standpoint. whichever has least error &amp; latency will win.
monty python is amazing
they sure can twist the knife in that show!
probably wise
we’re making major improvements to ease of engine swap. needs to be a few hours at most.
two of the engines need slight repairs, so will be switched out
nice shot
we don’t have high school internships, but please apply when you’re in college!
prototypes are easy, volume production is hard, positive cash flow is excruciating
physics
detanking &amp; inspections now. good progress towards our “hop in &amp; go to mars!” goal.
all three static fires completed &amp; no ruds!
wow, a lot has happened in 10 years!
sea shanty tiktok takes it to a new level with actual pirate ships
sure
today at spacex is about practicing starship engine starts. ship is held down by massive pins while engines are fired. two starts completed, about to try a third.
as promised
legalize comedy
you can steal our name/logos &amp; we probably won’t sue you
we’re just trying to get people to mars. help would be appreciated.
one day, we will get a camera up there that also shows the star field in the background
suicide is more than double homicide
absolutely
hey you … yeah you queen … you’re gonna make it! 💕💕
hate to say it, but might be true
the robot future is coming
300km every millisecond, but there are times i wish it were faster
this is an important distinction
much more than this &amp; increasing rapidly
it is
once in a while, something happens that is even better than we imagined
the factory is the product
probably commenting on will do more
i bought the replacement glass from a junkyard for $20. they’re great places to get spare parts.
a lot of people are going to be super unhappy with west coast high tech as the de facto arbiter of free speech
already donated to signal a year ago. will donate more.
i am primarily trying to advance two causes: sustainable energy &amp; extending life/consciousness beyond earth. there is also the existential threat of ai, which we should aspire to mitigate. this doesn’t leave time to write books.
maybe a tesla ai day later this year
the prancing pony?
it’s true
yes, but not for long
yeah, they seemed optimistic too
my 14-year-old son, saxon, said he feels like 2021 will be a good year. i agree. let us all make it so.
was also thinking that spacex boca should hold fun parties and give tours for the community from time to time
i super support public spaces around our production &amp; launch sites, wherever it can be done safely and securely. when covid passes, we will open up our restaurant to the public &amp; figure out ways to allow limited access to the high bar.
that too
that’s actually our restaurant, but spacex is building a futuristic bar at the top of the high bay with 360 degree windows &amp; a glass floor looking down on the rocket factory
and increase fun! hopefully.
me neither
one of the best tesla solar roof installations
no, but maybe one day
yes, that would be the best way to do it. a large solar field or reactor is needed for power, and then some ice mining droids or long maneuvering drills are needed for the h2o. these are probably the trickier bits.
his sick beats
probably less than a few dozen primary decision-makers. technically, only three.
or at least the option for verification, so that the public can ascribe more credibility to verified vs unverified accounts
launch underway
btw, critical feedback is always super appreciated, as well as ways to donate money that really make a difference (way harder than it seems)
indirectly, an electric rocket is possible by using electricity to convert co2+h2o —&gt; ch4+o2. this will be needed on mars even for early missions &amp; earth too over time.
not to get to orbit, unfortunately. in space, photon emission powered by matter-antimatter annihilation would rock, but that’s more of a long-term solution.
this will be hard to make, as it isn’t like any other vehicle
playing the long game
true
i hope so. wings don’t work on the moon at all and def not well on mars. also, no runways.
hamiltonians have +2v the potential of langrangians and a play!
well, back to work …
how strange
use signal
ya don’t say. reminds me of this timeless classic …
fast water with tiny rocks
yes, and then occam’s razor is actually third most likely
as seen from an external observer, not the participants
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
dumb and dumber is a great movie tho
this is called the domino effect
doesn’t quite illustrate true size difference. starship payload volume &amp; mass are &gt;1000% that of shuttle.
because of the large footprint, it may seem flat, but actually ranges up to 5 stories tall
snow falling on giga berlin
tesla is responsible for 2/3 of all the personal &amp; professional pain in my life combined. but it was worth it.
so proud of the tesla team for achieving this major milestone! at the start of tesla, i thought we had (optimistically) a 10% chance of surviving at all.
um, we have giant fusion reactor in the sky that works with no maintenance
tesla full self-driving will work at a safety level well above that of the average driver this year, of that i am confident. can’t speak for regulators though.
dojo isn’t needed, but will make self-driving better. it isn’t enough to be safer than human drivers, autopilot ultimately needs to be more than 10 times safer than human drivers.
ignore the heading
🎩 the greatest gatsby 🎩
inspired by the ballet
rocket motion is primarily vertical, so you want the top open
let’s make the roaring 20’s again!
might be a few lumps along the way
production is hard, prototypes are easy. building ~1000 starships to create a self-sustaining city on mars is our mission.
exactly
haha
sn9 will press ch4 header tank with helium. long-term solution is under debate. not clear what is lightest/simplest.
legs would certainly work, but best part is no part, best step is no step
saves mass &amp; cost of legs &amp; enables immediate repositioning of booster on to launch mount — ready to refly in under an hour
we’re going to try to catch the super heavy booster with the launch tower arm, using the grid fins to take the load
snake-head dog had my undivided attention until winder-head ostrich came gliding through all nonchalant
this is very sensible. opposition from anywhere cannot mean no progress everywhere!
literally
are we sure this is real?
destiny, destiny no escaping that for me
all tesla cars delivered in the final three days of the year will get three months of the full self-driving option for free. delivery &amp; docs must be fully complete by midnight dec 31st.
and mark dankberg. this action is wack, not dank!!
less?
westworld
the last kingdom show is great
absolutely. will be text &amp; visualization, but could add voice too.
!! even cheese is made of cake !!
if they don’t love us, we’re in deep trouble!
not everything is made of cake
true haha
such a weird game when you think about it
this is not cgi
no, these are just incremental improvements to the production codebase. fsd build is a fundamental rewrite, not just in the car, but also our video training/labeling software.
starlink “poses a hazard” to viasat’s profits, more like it. stop the sneaky moves, charlie ergen!
entertainment will be critical when cars drive themselves
just meeting with larry ellison to seek some advice. back working on tesla end of quarter tomorrow.
absolutely
what should tesla do with in-car gaming in an autonomous world?
absolutely
taste of the future
try playing polytopia in your tesla! great game. multiplayer online version coming soon.
focus on making products &amp; services people truly love, so that the total economic pie is bigger, instead of engaging in zero-sum/negative-sum corporate power struggles. this is the good future.
roughly 95% of parts in tesla roadster were unique — not in any other product. unfortunately, since we started out with the (dumb, in retrospect) goal of simply adapting lotus elise to electric, we ended up with a 10% too small sports car that seems kinda like a lotus.
very important
ok, service might be able to do this. will check.
you mean install the external speaker on earlier cars that don’t have it?
no, but definitely this year
good point
interesting
liz has always done great interviews
falcon was 25% of successful orbital launches in 2020, but maybe a majority of payload to orbit. anyone done the math?
vaccines are just the start. it’s also capable in theory of curing almost anything. turns medicine into a software &amp; simulation problem.
we will offer multiple display options
a few more revisions needed. probably beta 10 or 11.
sure
there are subtle, important, differences between us &amp; canada traffic rules, but fsd beta will be extended to canada very soon
we need a “match other traffic speed” setting
definitely
it’s a step in that direction
it’s one 🔥 or 1/2 🔥 if you don’t have a car with pedestrian speaker. we couldn’t get everything done in time, but more stuff coming.
the writing on cobra kai is sick👌
haha i will save you the nightmare of seeing me in those shorts
you can upload custom music/sounds
unfortunately, pedestrian speaker is needed, otherwise no external sound generator except actual horn
change your horn sound to 🐐, 🐍🎷, 💨 or holiday jingles with latest tesla software update!
merry christmas &amp; happy holidays! 🎁
great game!
it will most likely make sense for starlink to go public once the revenue growth is reasonably predictable
a few months
coming soon
yeah
12 story rocket turns off its engines &amp; does a controlled fall
yup, we’re just ironing out a few bugs
to tesla owners taking delivery in the final days of year, your support is super appreciated!!
frictionless ai. what could possibly go wrong?
good idea
during the darkest days of the model 3 program, i reached out to tim cook to discuss the possibility of apple acquiring tesla (for 1/10 of our current value). he refused to take the meeting.
strange, if true. - tesla already uses iron-phosphate for medium range cars made in our shanghai factory. - a monocell is electrochemically impossible, as max voltage is ~100x too low. maybe they meant cells bonded together, like our structural battery pack?
sparta’s reply to macedon
hi liz!
thanks to everyone who worked so hard to make tesla successful. my heart goes out to you.
indeed
it was a seriously twisted affair, but all’s that ends well.
they are, although it’s kind low-key. tesla superchargers are being made accessible to other electric cars.
are such large transactions even possible?
♥️ i love all u crazy ppl out there ♥️
you have a point (sigh)
great game
pretty much. the main value of college used to be hanging out, having pseudo intellectual conversations &amp; partying with people your own age. now, even that’s gone.
come for the comments, stay for the memes💄
absolutely. we will release fsd subscription early next year.
one word: doge
bitcoin is almost as bs as fiat money
great nails &amp; lipstick
nice
sounds about right
“lord” edge
nice branding
just kidding, who needs a safe word anyway!?
bitcoin is my safe word
standing down for today to inspect rocket. hopefully launching tomorrow.
pressure is slightly high in upper stage liquid oxygen tank. review underway.
i am hoping to be back next month!
last launch of 2020 coming up
he was indeed quite grumpy, but we did not actually know what we were doing, so he had a point
it will get absurdly good. tesla ai/autopilot engineering is awesome! there’s some great ai out there, but can it self-drive while playing cyberpunk … ?
star light, star bright
this is incorrect
but it is visually stunning &amp; playability is good
a t-shirt being better armor than a kevlar chest plate doesn’t make sense in the absence of magic. also, wish there weren’t level-based item limits in a single-player game.
i absolutely support trans, but all these pronouns are an esthetic nightmare
the raptors were well below max thrust or the ship would have blown through the altitude limit. as we hit min throttle point, an engine would shut off.
far from fully loaded, but we were going slow or the ship would have gone crazy high/far with three engines
it’s a good to great game imo, but improving what may seem like mere surface detail would make it unequivocally great
perhaps slightly more confident, but it’s essential to view this as output vs time. as with all manufacturing, especially new technology, output will follow an s-curve. very slow at first, but increasing exponentially, then linear, then logarithmic.
giga berlin-brandenburg will be the first to use our new structural pack architecture, 4680 (world’s most advanced cells, made on-site), both front &amp; rear body castings &amp; advanced paint shop. warning: with so much new technology, production timing is naturally harder to predict.
original deus ex was incredible, human revolution was also great
the objective reality is that it is impossible to run an advanced game well on old hardware. this is a much more serious issue:
ascent to the heavens
yeah, briefly. seems pretty good. i picked nomad, so start was a little slow, but picks up fast. seemed like almost everyone on steam was playing cyberpunk at some point this weekend!
init void
*cooling haha
ship leeward side will be bare metal, windward will have black, hexagonal heat shield tiles
agreed, should be preserved in memory of sn8
exactly! woohoo!!
sn8 did great! even reaching apogee would’ve been great, so controlling all way to putting the crater in the right spot was epic!!
thank you, south texas for your support! this is the gateway to mars.
life, the universe and everything
yeah, engines did great!
mars, here we come!!
fuel header tank pressure was low during landing burn, causing touchdown velocity to be high &amp; rud, but we got all the data we needed! congrats spacex team hell yeah!!
successful ascent, switchover to header tanks &amp; precise flap control to landing point!
near-orbital space is the fastest way to travel long distance on earth!
it’s called the space “station”, but it’s actually moving around earth at ~25 times the speed of sound or ~10 times faster than a rifle bullet
“so long, and thanks for the orifice!” - alien message decrypted
probably 1/3 chance of completing all mission objectives
hopefully flying tomorrow
out on the pad in south texas
wow, station looks amazing!
knock, knock, singing telegram!
carrying even more symbiotic bacteria (~40 trillion) than cells
we are mobile cell colonies
congratulations!
congratulations!
yes, it does.
and no toilet paper 🤣🤣
watch demolition man
prometheus unbound
not bad
it was a beast compared to the vic-20
award accepted on behalf of the great people at tesla, spacex, neuralink &amp; boring co
much of what people think of an science is actually engineering, eg no such thing as a “rocket scientist”, only rocket engineers. latter is who put humans on the moon.
science is discovering the essential truths about what exists in the universe, engineering is about creating things that never existed
it does get a bit cold at night
paint makes a hell of a difference
congrats!
thanks for everything you did to help build spacex! some of the best memories ever.
it will be real soon
starship legs are one of the hardest problems. externally mounted legs require shielding, which adds mass. wider stance adds mass. shock absorbers add mass. that said, we need better legs.
static fire is not risky from build site, but we need to clear the build site for early flights
just a static fire tomorrow. flight no earlier than wednesday.
yes, very sad news. tony was great.
for a second there, i thought that was a pic of thanos haha
yeah, truncate zeros &amp; then round
probably going to a wider beta in ~2 weeks
fp16 with least important digits truncated (so it feels like fp32) is what we’re betting on for training with dojo
int8 for almost all heavy lifting in inference works great
but actually!
happy thanksgiving!
hopefully next month
ok. overall air suspension height &amp; damping algorithm is getting a lot of attention. will be linked to fsd, so acts automatically.
haha true
the promise is greatly needed
we will have special colors for new roadster, as we did for the original
. is savage 🤣🤣
if you ever wondered where we came from
this is a life leader launch, so more risk than normal
yes, but only slightly filled
this is a subject of much debate
major upgrades are slated for sn15
many small improvements, but overall similar. wiring is more robust, engines are more mature, nosecone is sealed better, etc.
but that’s why we have sn 9 &amp; sn10
lot of things need to go right, so maybe 1/3 chance
good starship sn8 static fire! aiming for first 15km / ~50k ft altitude flight next week. goals are to test 3 engine ascent, body flaps, transition from main to header tanks &amp; landing flip.
maybe start on that a year from now. depends on how starship progress goes.
not yet
not bad! we will definitely need more engines if we make the cargo bay all propellant, but it’s probably smarter than a whole new shorter external hull.
rapid &amp; complete rocket reuse, low cost propellant, orbital refilling &amp; propellant production at destination are the four essential elements of making life multiplanetary
we’re still far from simply video in, control out. the biggest game-changer, currently underway at tesla, is 360 degree, high fps video for labeling, training &amp; inference.
fsd beta 5 coming out in a few days. improvement should be significant.
exciting mission!
tomorrow will be the 7th flight of this rocket, landing on droneship of course i still love you
sure
true
we have quiet a queue of products to build! better do new roadster at some point😬.
fate loves irony, but hates hypocrisy
our data center was named skynet as a joke over 10 years ago. might have been tempting fate!
tesla is a vehicle for creating &amp; producing many useful products
largest cast titanium part in the world. no heat shielding needed.
actually, off to the side (so it doesn’t take out the launch mount in bad landing), but with the same arm used to pick up the ship
where it should be!
because i am not an investor. tesla is definitely not the only good company, but investing is not what i do. but i always put my own money into companies i help create, otherwise it’d be wrong to ask others to do so.
well, almost anything
quite the day ahead
now *this* is what you’d call pointy!
cool
they’re moving at ~25 times the speed of sound, but it feels like nothing
there will always be upgrades
it will be better than human vision by quite a margin
reality looks like a strange ghost-world at radar wavelengths. almost everything except metal is translucent.
exactly
this is a misperception. spacex developed &amp; continues to use lidar for dragon docking with . just pointless imo for self-driving. if you’re going to do active photon generation, use an occlusion penetrating wavelength, like precision radar at ~4mm.
one day we will fly you on starship
well done!
i can’t comment on turbopump internal details, but you’re roughly in the ballpark. wow, rocket turbopumps, especially if oxygen-rich, are insanely hard! arguably, the hardest mechanical/fluids/combustion problem known to exist.
to be clear, this was just an xpeng problem. other companies in china have not done this.
andrej is awesome, but it should be said that we have a very talented autopilot/ai team at tesla. too much credit comes to me &amp; andrej.
yeah. they stole apple’s code too.
they have an old version of our software &amp; don’t have our nn inference computer
wild times!
congrats!
change out a few parts, otherwise fine
caution strongly advised with spacs
sure
haha sexy cropping champion of all time
if next week’s release looks good, we will widen beta
unfortunately, there are too many rules around liquor distribution, even in the us. however, we will be selling the lightning bottle &amp; shot glasses worldwide.
13 years &amp; $11 billion … wow
safety is our primary design goal
fully
let the martians decide their own future
a lot of my brain space is spent dealing with both units!
terraforming will be too slow to be relevant in our lifetime. however, we can establish a human base there in our lifetime. at least a future spacefaring civilization – discovering our ruins – will be impressed humans got that far.
that is certainly the intention!
the only publicly traded stock i own is tesla
wise words from bogle. the point of companies is products &amp; services. they have no point in &amp; of themselves, nor do these indices. buy &amp; hold stock in companies where you love the product roadmap, sell where you don’t.
no, just a mild cold. same with my bro. def had cov2 though. pc&lt;20 means viral load of &gt;10 million per ml.
life in glass domes at first. eventually, terraformed to support life, like earth.
yeah
i was going to say “sim!”, but that seemed too obvious haha
and cases with high (non-infectious) ct should quarantine for a few days, while getting another test. second test determines whether they’re just beginning to get ill or are on the long tail afterwards, where viral fragments exist, but person is not infectious.
maybe a little mercy …
tesla holiday software release is 🔥🔥
it’s all cake &amp; someone took a bite
there is such a thing as too much sentience
deus ex machine learning
it’s designed to make life multiplanetary, otherwise extreme overkill for mere earth sector activity! starship fleet mass to orbit per year will be more than 1000 times all current earth rockets combined, including falcon. necessary, for a city on mars.
more like he gave it his blessing. it was sort of a groundswell of those who believed in the scientific method in london.
indeed
yeah, looks like marginal cost of launch will be less than $1m for more than 100 tons to orbit, so it’s mostly about fixed costs divided by launches per year
exactly
merlin is a strong local maximum design, but kerosene is suboptimal fuel, no matter what you do. what matters is cost per ton to mars. ch4 is the only choice imo. important: o2/ch4 allows of ratio of ~3.5 vs ~2.5 for kerosene, so ~78% of propellant is oxygen.
yes, but from a visiting american. ah, the irony is just too much!!
yeah, pcr ct was unequivocal at &lt;20. doesn’t matter what method you use at that low a cycle threshold.
maybe making some notable changes. will wait until figurative &amp; literal dust settles.
pretty close. definitely feel 💯 if i take dayquil. frankly, this was one of the mildest cold/flu experiences i’ve ever had.
avionics cables moving to steel pipe shields &amp; adding water-cooled steel pipes to test pad
the most amazing thing about rocket engines is that they *sometimes* don’t blow up! the amount of power going through them boggles the mind.
we should just count the atoms at this point
absolutely. production/testing of rocket engines is over 90% of the problem. this is true in general. for cars, production is over 99% of the problem. that 1% inspiration is very important, but it’s less than 1% of the pain.
our first merlin engine design was really bad tbh. nothing worked well &amp; some parts didn’t work at all. 18 years later &amp; thousands of upgrades make it a great gg cycle engine.
maybe *i* just love irony haha
they’re on their way! hopefully, more teslaquila next month.
special permission received from stonecutters guild!
well said.
damn, that’s not easy! i spent quite a bit of time looking at russian/ukrainian engines. they’re good.
🎶 toss a bitcoin to ur witcher 🎶
curevac, moderna &amp; a few others. tesla makes the machine curevac uses to go from known gene sequence to trillions of lipid-coated mrna strands.
haha
great thread
i’m ok, thanks for asking. no symptoms for past few days, apart from fatigue. unless something changes, would have to say that it simply felt like a mild cold.
launch in 5 minutes
yeah, with cooling channels integrated into the chamber walls
the same propellant is used either for abort or for orbital maneuvering, as one use obviates the other
dragon can also hover &amp; land propulsively, but we use the parachutes for maximum safety
thrusters are integrated with spacecraft, enabling abort capability all the way to abort for increased safety
yeah, i feel pretty normal. no symptoms right now. last week, i had symptoms of a minor cold. i’ve had some brutal flu/cold experiences, but this was mild &amp; hopefully over.
doing tests from several different labs, same time of day, administered by rn &amp; am requesting n1 gene pcr cycle threshold. there is no official standard for pcr testing. not sure people realize this.
both obv insanely great, too bad they had this pointless argument
astronaut launch today!
no kids though
hell of a wig collection too
it would be great if labs could give people this level of granular feedback in their results
worth reading this thread if you’re curious about rona testing
they should be imo. if you get a blood pressure test, they tell you the number, not just if it’s high/not-high. there is not a clear consensus on what ct value of what cov2 gene constitutes “positive”.
a little up &amp; down. feels just like a regular cold, but more body achy &amp; cloudy head than coughing/sneezing. dayquil rocks.
in your opinion, at what ct number for the cov2 n1 gene should a pcr test probably be regarded as positive? if i’m asking the wrong question, what is a better question?
cool, but please be super cautious. expect two steps forward, one back. lot of new code was merged.
am getting wildly different results from different labs, but most likely i have a moderate case of covid. my symptoms are that of a minor cold, which is no surprise, since a coronavirus is a type of cold.
ahem
unless you’re on dmt
laws of thermodynamics: 1. you can’t win 2. you can’t break even 3. you can’t stop playing
shakes fist at entropy
big expansion of beta program in 6 to 8 weeks!
interesting. my thursday night saliva sample came back today with n1 gene (unique to cov2) showing at cycle 26 &amp; n3 (generic sars) at 24. i get results of today’s test tomorrow. almost no symptoms today, so hopefully better results.
what’s honey?
feels that way
this seems accurate
cold symptoms are gone for now 😀🚀💫
there are degrees of pos
heneghan makes a lot of sense. hilarious that he has to clarify that he runs the center for *evidence-based* medicine at oxford 🤣🤣. general public doesn’t realize quite how much of medicine is subjective or outright witchcraft.
the number of pcr amplification cycles required to detect the virus is a rough indicator of your viral load. from what i can gather, you’re probably not infectious above 30 &amp; you probably are below 25. sound about right?
this a great reference! worth a read.
case closed
soon
fwiw, lab i just spoke to thinks below 30 is accurate, 30 to 40 gets dicey &amp; above 40 is bs. will talk to several more labs. there must be a graph of pcr amplification cycle vs false positive rate somewhere.
note, this is not the spike protein. they don’t consider that reliable.
just spoke directly to a testing lab. their main pcr search is for the n1 gene, unique to cov2. n3 is also sought, but is generic to other sars viruses. high pcr cycle count *does* give false positives, but they believe accuracy is good below 30 cycles &amp; 40 cycles is their max.
strange
possible explanation for the dramatic decline in cold &amp; flu prevalence vs prior years. if someone comes in with cold/flu symptoms &amp; falsely tests positive for cov2, they will assume they have it, when in fact they simply have some other form of seasonal cold/flu.
from
sure is
would be great to hear from people who know a lot about the pcr testing industry. what’s the approximate false positive rate, all things considered, for cov2 pcr tests?
interesting
interesting
what is the general population (no knowledge of symptoms) accuracy of a sars-cov2 pcr test &amp; is it possible to generate a false positive if you simply run enough cycles?
a good pcr test should identify if i have the cov2 spike proteins, although i have heard some low accuracy numbers for those too. hard to get a straight answer. false positives will roughly scale with # of tests &amp; daily test rate has gone ballistic:
mild sniffles &amp; cough &amp; slight fever past few days. right now, no symptoms, although i did take nyquil.
technically, i tested positive, then negative twice, then positive again, so “elon musk tests negative for covid” is an equally correct title. the “rapid antigen test” from bd seems to be about as useful as a flipping a coin.
the carousel turns ever faster
exactly
symptoms of a typical cold. nothing unusual so far.
if it’s happening to me, it’s happening to others. i’m getting pcr tests from separate labs. results will take about 24 hours.
something extremely bogus is going on. was tested for covid four times today. two tests came back negative, two came back positive. same machine, same test, same nurse. rapid antigen test from bd.
burst disk worked, so vehicle appears to be ok. we’ll have to swap out at least one of the engines.
maybe melted an engine preburner or fuel hot gas manifold. whatever it is caused pneumatics loss. we need to design out this problem.
we lost vehicle pneumatics. reason unknown at present. liquid oxygen header tank pressure is rising. hopefully triggers burst disk to relieve pressure, otherwise it’s going to pop the cork.
4 astronauts fly to on sat night from cape. first operational flight of crew dragon.
luck is the best superpower
it is an honor that they would choose to work with me. i strive to ensure that the companies enable creative &amp; driven people to reach their potential.
such a privilege to work with people i like &amp; respect so much. i feel blessed.
probably
happy to see this :)
i do expect this to become an important product for the world, but probably not financially material for tesla
there’s no entry/braking burn &amp; hypersonic angle of attack is ~70 degrees
tesla makes the rna bioreactor that can make vaccines / cures. curevac has version 2 in use. version 3 is under development.
checking
i just hope this game doesn’t twist itself to tedium out of fear of being canceled
yes, you can have my damn cookie! should be a browser setting
thanks to a lot of great autopilot/ai hardware &amp; software engineers at tesla!
for sure
will be worth it
exactly
sure
actually, it’s still there
wait until you see what cybertruck will do
this is accidental. will be back shortly.
am hoping to change booster design to land back on launch mount with no legs. will require extreme precision.
chip has temp sensor &amp; automatically maintains safe temp
enough already on my plate &amp; tesla’s. maybe one day will do a prototype. those are relatively easy. volume production with high reliability &amp; low cost &amp; passing all regulations is 100x harder.
neuralink won’t overclock the brain, it will transfer processing to the supercomputer extension of your brain. this is basically what you do when you use a smartphone or computer, but a neuralink will have orders of magnitude faster input &amp; output, especially latter.
we rewrote all labeling software for 4d. very different from labeling single photos. dojo won’t contribute for about a year. it’s mostly a generalized nn training computer, but benchmark we’re tracking is frames/second. must beat next gen gpu/tpu clusters or it’s pointless.
version 1 is about a year away
it would appear that their calculations were incorrect
china understands the profound importance of reusability. the era of expendable rockets will soon be over.
good explanation. 4d is essential for dynamically occluded objects, especially in large intersections with dense vehicle &amp; pedestrian traffic. frame rate &amp; latency from frame to wheel vector change also important.
the phantom of the opera is here … inside your mind
just looking for problem-solvers who get things done with a high sense of urgency. don’t care if or where they went to school.
when sending your resume, please describe a few of the hardest problems you solved &amp; exactly how you solved them
a new banner is needed neither hard left nor right
another fine day in the simulation …
faraday invented the electric motor, tesla the (commutator-free, three-phase) ac induction motor, in other words, a useful electric motor
maxwell was amazing. should have more recognition. tesla motors, inc., was almost called faraday, as it took until late 2004/2005 to buy the trademark from a guy who had had it since 1995.
420 is ten times better than 42
awaiting approval from canadian authorities
recruiting ace engineers for giga berlin! will interview in person tomorrow on site. send resume to 25guns.com.
stop being a chad
uh … chad wtf
einstein was great, but did not succeed at engineering (and he tried)
yeah, that will be relatively easy, as so few users out in the ocean
yes, although i didn’t expect the stock to rise so much so soon. the reason for the stock options is that they’re needed to help pay for humanity to get to mars in 10 to 20 years.
super appreciate your support, steve! that convertible loan gave us 6 months of runway. fortunately, daimler invested $50m in may 2009, 5 months later.
closest we got was about a month. the model 3 ramp was extreme stress &amp; pain for a long time — from mid 2017 to mid 2019. production &amp; logistics hell.
i put in my last money, even though i thought we would still fail. but, it was either that or certain death for tesla. extremely difficult to raise money for an electric car startup (considered super quirky back then), while stalwarts like gm &amp; chrysler were going bankrupt.
that funding round completed 6pm on christmas eve in 2008. last hour of last day possible, as investors were leaving town that night &amp; we were 3 days away from bankruptcy. i put in all money i had, didn’t own a house &amp; had to borrow money from friends to pay rent. difficult time.
lowering starlink terminal cost, which may sound rather pedestrian, is actually our most difficult technical challenge
as soon as we get regulatory approval. hopefully, around middle of next year.
right now, it takes about 5 mins to set up, but, with future improvements, probably less than 3 mins. no technical knowledge needed. just point at open sky &amp; plug in!
canada and norway are next after we get us out of early beta!
didn’t realize that was possible. no problem if there’s a way get current design cybertruck approved in europe!
as soon as we get country approval. this is required for each country individually, as no eu-wide approval system exists. probably start receiving final (there are many steps) approvals around feb/march.
several thousand more starlink beta participation invitations going out this week
new design is better with many minor tweaks. even the small details matter.
haha
very close to actual expected flight!
i could not be more excited about the new supercollider! that said, while it is considerably larger, i don’t think it necessarily requires all that much incremental engineering.
sure, maybe in a month or so
well, it’s basically a tank from the future that’s road-legal, so yeah
tesla texas team is making great progress! giga texas factory will be an asskicker.
penguin random house 😴 should change the name to random penguin🔥
sure, although it might be quite a short livestream! lot can go wrong, but we’ll provide video, warts &amp; all. you will see every frame that we do.
this is what matters most
we’ve tested a sub-scale version in a wind tunnel with active aero closing the loop for stability, so it will probably work at scale, but reality tends to bite you on the ass
lord of the …
yeah. although, if it fails right at the end, some landing pad repair will be needed to fill in the crater.
but, a rud right off launch pad is also possible. fortunately, sn9 is almost ready.
stable, controlled descent with body flaps would be great. transferring propellant feed from main to header tanks &amp; relight would be a major win.
every 5 to 10 days
faults will never be zero, but at some point the probability of a fault will be far lower than that of the average human
we measure this primarily in intervention probability. this update addressed several issues, resulting in perhaps ~1/3 fewer interventions. many of the improvements consist of fixing silly bugs vs grand eureka moments. true for most beta releases in my experience.
thanks to a great autopilot/ai team working super hard! doing “neural nets” without testing them against reality has led some groups to overestimate what they’re doing. reality is the hardest sim.
latency will improve significantly soon. bandwidth too.
this build should be noticeably better with interventions
i’ve spent more than half my life in california &amp; love the state. but, frankly, i think ca has the winning-for-too-long problem. like a sports team with many championships, it is increasingly difficult to avoid complacency &amp; a sense of entitlement.
and … sweden is still right with zero deaths oct 29
true. also, fewer heart attacks, as way easier to pump blood in 37% gravity.
now we’re talking. also, stephenson 2-18 is in the constellation scrotum haha.
accurate
some challenges with high winds. looks like sunday for static fire.
great shot!
future ai will appreciate this
truth is stranger than fiction
for a long time
truth be told, i’ve eaten at jitb many times over the years, even the teriyaki bowl
might buy a jack in the box footstool
approximately, log(rate)
same bot, just change setting to “combat”
well, being a phased array antenna, it is actually rather flat!
tesla should make 🔥 catgirl robots?
little crane: “am i just a toy to you!?”
come here … no, come, here 👇
wow, this mayo sure is salty!
max payne was great on many levels. silent hill good too.
jack in the box should do double duty as a sperm donor clinic — name is 👌
one of the best games ever
fear 1 with modern graphics &amp; sound would rock
all games in this thread are far scarier &amp; more creatively so than any horror movie
fear 2 is best imo. also dead space 2. they will haunt your dreams.
to the best of my knowledge, literally zero equipment was usable without major repairs or upgrades. most of the factory had no equipment at all! even light bulbs were missing in some areas. gm &amp; toyota took everything that worked &amp; moved it to their other factories.
all that was left were broken bots &amp; equipment hardly worth the scrap metal value. but we scrounged up spare parts, fixed the trusty old bots &amp; brought the factory back to life.
and there were actually zero employees in the factory after gm/toyota left. they took all good equipment &amp; sold most of rest for scrap. it looked apocalyptic inside.
bettern nothin or ur 💰 back!
tesla team has done great work!
well, tbh, our capex efficiency in 2017 was trash 😬
testing for covid is a license to print money
yes, very helpful. thanks all beta testers!
video training &amp; inference is essential for excellent autonomy
sigh … there should be a new supersonic jet, this time electric
critical to humanity’s future
congratulations spacex team!
mine is a few days ahead
sure, it could be an option in settings
visualization will tone down significantly for production. these are intentionally strident colors.
sure
i’m in boca every week, so maybe we could talk then. given that starship is not exactly subtle, this is more of a design clarification to match what people can already see.
good point. probably next week in form of a written piece on spacex website.
great pics! that we now have the beginnings of a starship production system is most meaningful.
yup. with beta updates, there’ll be a lot of 2 steps fwd, 1 step back situations, but pace of improvement will be extremely fast.
working on it. also needs to be able fart at other cars on command.
starship is coming together!
price change is pushed to thursday next week. applies only to us for now. one week clock will start in other countries as beta is released. fsd monthly rental will also be available sometime next year.
there will be a 360 deg glass star bar (name tbd) at top of high bay
well, we have said many times that the price will rise as the product functionality improves. how much time do you think we should give?
agreed. are these performance tires?
just a small-seeming issue with loss of upper stage camera. probably nothing serious, but standing down to re-examine whole vehicle just in case.
sure
now that tesla fsd beta is out in limited release, fsd price (new or upgrade) will go up by ~$2k on monday
as soon as we complete testing &amp; regulators approve. so many different traffic signs, rules &amp; languages around world, not to mention driving on left side of road! also, a long &amp; challenging road lies ahead getting to high 9’s reliability (way beyond human).
haha
dependent on proving high safety
not intentional! we just wanted to show that you could theoretically convert the entire us vehicle fleet to electric using only the lithium in nevada, a single state. tesla will do lithium mining only as needed. we also found a way to extract lithium using nacl (table salt).
cold gas for now, hot later
i mean, ya gotta have a tiki bar …
starship nosecone, high bay &amp; tiki bar
after it gets to orbit a few times
got a little melty tbh :)
those engines could go 300 bar, but would be dicey. pushing it for near-term tests doesn’t achieve anything, but i’m confident raptor will do 300 bar for orbital flights.
raptor has now run for 90 secs at 300 bar chamber pressure before encountering issues. 210 mt-f sea level operating thrust seems achievable with no major changes. r-boost variant is aiming for 300 ton thrust at 300 bar with same nozzle exit area. will need bigger pumps.
fsd beta rollout happening tonight. will be extremely slow &amp; cautious, as it should.
data from 3 engine starship static fire this morning looks good. proceeding with nosecone mate.
yes. we also have to consider population life-months lost from lockdowns &amp; other restrictions vs life-months lost from any given disease.
firmware is probably a slightly more accurate description, but yes
mobi-c has too much mobility, fusion has too little. we need mobi-d haha.
actually, it’s my neck …
maybe i can be helpful. had mobi-c disc put in at c5-c6, however 1st surgery failed to remove bone spur sticking into my spinal cord. 2nd surgery took care of it. recommend using yelp or other online reviews of doctors. effectiveness varies widely.
pretty accurate. it’s not so much dna sequencing as it is using synthetic dna/rna to fix bugs in our code &amp; inform immune system what to attack.
london to beijing would be cool
wow, that would be quite a trip!
that’s my kid haha
looks like snoopy
current production is slightly better
doesn’t seem to be any life in this solar system. maybe under the ice of europa or extremophile bacteria below the surface of mars. worth reading:
very creative
that free fusion reactor in the sky conveniently converts ~4 million tons of mass into energy every second. we just need to catch an extremely tiny amount of it to power all of civilization.
you never know
after
also, system should autodelete old data automatically by default
table in tension
starting production on 7 seater next month, initial deliveries early december
the gauntlet has been thrown down! the prophecy will be fulfilled. model s price changes to $69,420 tonight!
more great renderings! significant improvements coming to the welds.
congratulations!
making progress
9 meter or roughly 30 ft diameter
will be less roomy with 3 vacuum rocket engines added
it’s still there, but focus is vegas &amp; prufrock, our new tunneling machine
for sure
maybe a month or so. some finishing touches need to be done on the stations.
we simplified this a lot. it’s basically just teslas in tunnels at this point, which is way more profound than it sounds.
sweet …
yes. everything is slow to a phased array antenna.
nice
“what is love? baby don’t hurt me.”— winston churchill
or maybe 2 weak turrets to allow more strategic degrees of freedom
please buff torb’s turret!
um … yes
i have goosebumps 2 merch. not sure how tbh.
🤘 the illuminaughty 🤘
knee deep
yeah
at least success is in the set of all possible outcomes this time!
diess is doing his best to move in the right direction, but he’s in a tough position with so many constituencies to please. no way to make everyone happy.
good grief! spacex is getting zero money for this. starship is designed to carry people &amp; cargo around earth (also to moon &amp; mars). vast majority of use will be civilian. it’s just like an airline in space. all airlines sometimes carry military cargo, but ~99% is civilian.
with fsd, we got stuck in a lot of local maximums, which wasn’t clear until we hit the ceiling. this time, it’s right.
thank you, much more accurate haha
this graph appears to be upside down
sheer magnitude of the entire production system is hard to appreciate. almost every element of production is &gt;75% automated. only wire harnesses &amp; general assembly, which are &lt;10% of production costs, are primarily manual.
will release order configurator probably in jan
limited fsd beta releasing on tuesday next week, as promised. this will, at first, be limited to a small number of people who are expert &amp; careful drivers.
the soc’s sync with each other 20 to 30 times/sec, exchanging output of nns that should be in harmony, like a symphony, so it’s fairly obvious when one is discordant
tesla fsd computer’s dual socs function like twin engines on planes — they each run different neural nets, so we do get full use of 144 tops, but there are enough nets running on each to allow the car to drive to safety if one soc (or engine in this analogy) fails.
accurate analysis. quite a few ego/intelligence&gt;&gt;1 people in your comment thread haha. neither mobileye nor nvidia, which are certainly good companies, could meet any of our capability, schedule, cost or power requirements.
glad jen is safe!
uh ok, here we go …
i don’t think this is accurate
even if half that amount, it’s still a big deal!
i have seen no evidence of an advanced civilization visiting earth. fuzzy pics that are worse than a 7/11 security cam frame grab don’t count!
we face a tough dichotomy of applying resources to the old architecture or applying them to the new. it’s not a question of money. if there was a “great engineer” factory, we would place a large order! unfortunately, great engineers are very rare. this is solved in the fsd build.
definitely
exactly. he plays the “poor inventor” card, but was rich all along &amp; invented nothing (as far as i know). i went down to zero cash or sellable assets in 2008/2009, had no house &amp; had to borrow money from friends to pay rent.
there are sketchy edits to tesla wiki that whitewash eberhard’s problems/glorify his role. pretty odd. i was interim ceo/co-ceo from july 2007. michael marks was co-ceo for ~q4 2007 &amp; ze’ev drori for q1 to ~q3 2008. after q3 2008 financing round bust, no choice but to be ceo.
when eberhard was fired from the tesla ceo role in mid 2007 for providing false information to me &amp; the board, no one left with him. that says it all.
interesting
spacex/tesla metallurgy &amp; new materials team is next-level
i have that exact art on the wall of the place i stay in boca chica!
yes, failure to protect nursing homes was a major mistake (happened in most countries). herd immunity for vast majority of people &amp; quarantine vulnerable was right though imo.
sweden was right
there are sensitive elements, but they’re on the inside. also, a good telephoto lens will be able to capture what i’ve posted. and yeah, anyone who can reverse engineer what i’ve posted doesn’t need to reverse engineer!
great work by spacex valve engineering &amp; production!
it might be used in some areas. itar laws prevent us from being too specific about solutions.
tiles will be on hot side of flaps too. a very tough problem is sealing the moving flap to body joint without melting or shredding the seal.
compilers need to improve imo. most type, pointer (or other memory) problems can be detected at compile time or disambiguated by asking the user.
i’m proud to say that that nose is pointier than it needs to be haha
norway leads the world
passed cryo proof
yeah, it’s not a contest. advanced casting crushes best-case 3d printing, but casting doesn’t work well for complex enclosed volumes &amp; high strength or high temp alloys.
great pics!
maybe this should be the flag of mars
additive manufacturing of parts is still far too costly for cars, but can rapidly create tooling to accelerate pace of innovation. it’s already sensible for rocket engine parts. to the best of our knowledge, spacex is 2 or 3 years ahead of other companies in use of additive.
pretty much, but i think it may end on a high note
meant to say that it should be fixed in the latest wide release. won’t need to wait for fsd.
it should be
exactly. we barked up that tree for way too long (sigh). gives a false sense of victory being close — a tantalizing local maximum — but reality is just too messy &amp; weird. our new system is capable of driving in locations we never seen even once.
yes, we will play sexy snake jazz 🤣
yeah, provided we do our metal gear snake autocoupler
waymo is impressive, but a highly specialized solution. the tesla approach is a general solution. the latest build is capable of zero intervention drives. will release limited beta in a few weeks.
yeah, we could put in a setting allowing it to drop as low as 5%
great render. note, there will need to be an arm that lifts booster to launch stand &amp; ship to booster.
mimecraft
autopilot team is making great progress. reality sure is complicated!
aspiring to have no flame diverter in boca, but this could turn out to be a mistake
we do have giant steel balls haha
we just completed a financing round, but will let you know when there is another one
i definitely need to try these tasty cakes &amp; pastries on my next visit!
mass ratio. liquid oxygen is much denser than liquid methane, even when the latter is cooled to just above its freezing point.
had the most amazing kebab ever just outside of tacheles. too bad that place got torn down. it was awesome.
you’re most welcome!
high bay should be finished (except for the giant gantry crane) within a few weeks. super heavy stacking should begin around then.
that looks tasty!
the crash absorption rails can be cut off &amp; replaced with a bolted part for collision repair
sandy munro understands engineering
that would be like licensing battlestar galactica. actually building continuously evolving gargantuan factories is the hard part. lots of people who worked at tesla gigafactories now work at competitors, but none of those companies have made one.
yes, the gigafactory is the hardest &amp; most critical product
battery pack will be a bonded structure with cells providing shear transfer between steel upper &amp; lower face sheets, eliminating most of the center body parts while providing better torsional rigidity &amp; improved polar moment or inertia. this is a *major* breakthrough.
but now we understand production much better. it will be our primary competitive advantage long-term.
even gm &amp; chrysler went bankrupt in 2009. ford and tesla are the only us car companies that have avoided bankruptcy.
the model 3 production ramp was sheer agony for two years, but that was do or die for tesla. no us car company has reached high volume production with sustained free cash flow in ~100 years. hundreds of car startups all died or were absorbed for peanuts by big three.
bringing a new product to volume production is 1% inspiration &amp; 99% perspiration. you do still need that critical seed of inspiration, but it’s fun &amp; takes ~100 people. production takes &gt;10,000 people &amp; hurts like hell until the gigantic cybernetic collective runs smoothly.
marginal cost of starship mass to orbit should be well under $100/kg. fully burdened cost depends on flight rate.
prototypes are a piece of cake, but high volume production of a new technology is extremely hard. takes much longer than people think to climb the production s-curve. i can’t emphasize enough that production is by *far* the hard part.
we do expect to make heavy use of lfp for medium range cars &amp; stationary storage
berlin will use 4680 cell with structural battery pack &amp; front &amp; rear single piece castings. also, a new paint system. lot of new technology will happen in berlin, which means significant production risk. fremont &amp; shanghai will transition in ~2 years when new tech is proven.
they are
i do so wish that more companies would put down their spreadsheets for a moment and focus on making products that move your heart
7 bar absolute, which is fine for flight. this was a proof test, rather than a burst test. we’ll hopefully fix the leak today &amp; retest.
cryo pressure test succeeded, but a small leak opened up near the engine mounts, possibly due to differential shrinking
one of the best shots ever!
much sooner
great photo!
it will soon
we’re not seeing notable differences yet. i think the boosters could probably do 100+ reflights. some of the (small) composite helium tanks would need to be replaced. maybe turbopump hot sections.
roughly a week or two turnaround is all that’s needed to meet max launch demand. starship super heavy is designed for reflight in less than an hour.
ahem, yes, it was the 3rd flight of this booster &amp; 3rd flight for active half of fairing. aiming for 10+ flights of booster &amp; fairing by end of next year.
4th flight &amp; landing for this booster
5 minutes from launch. looks good so far.
so crazy to subsidize pollution! this is not good for people, especially in dense cities with heavy traffic, where your air intake is jammed up against another car’s exhaust pipe.
it’s a step in the right direction, but they should really aim for full reusability by 2026. larger rocket would also make sense for literal economies of scale. goal should be to minimize cost per useful ton to orbit or it will at best serve a niche market.
turn volume to 11 &amp; play powerglide in your tesla
fsd will solve these issues
music volume on a tesla goes to 11, because it’s louder than 10
one of my favorite writers. foundation is tough to make into a movie, but has outstanding potential.
rewatched young frankenstein this weekend. still awesome. ovaltine?
the remake has the potential to be great. i kinda liked the original tbh, but it’s possible to take it up a level.
hollywood should just start with the sequel &amp; skip the original, because financials
this article is wildly incorrect about lithium battery costs by a factor of 5 or more presently &amp; 10x long-term
pretty wild, considering that exxon was the most valuable company in the word when we went public 10 years ago
new spacex droneship will be called “a shortfall of gravitas”
nothing can escape gravity, not even black holes (and they really tried!)
would be cool to put yourself in the mind of the car while it’s driving
coming soon
call of booty, great game
vector-space bird’s eye view coming with fsd
unexpected pressure rise in the turbomachinery gas generator
all of that and more. we’re doing a broad review of launch site, propulsion, structures, avionics, range &amp; regulatory constraints this weekend. i will also be at the cape next week to review hardware in person.
exactly
we will need to make a lot of improvements to have a chance of completing 48 launches next year!
i agree with lex
glad you’re ok!
haha
thanks for waiting!
next year for sure
oh yeah, starship update coming in about 3 weeks. the design has coalesced. what is presented will actually be what flies to orbit as v1.0 with almost no changes.
high frequency lasers are the way to go for sure
great
brownsville is quite far south, so probably 3 months or so for good connectivity — needs several more starlink launches. i’m using it at the little house i rent in the area. definitely not good there yet.
average latency will improve as more satellites launch (directly above you more frequently) &amp; more ground stations are deployed. as we’re able to put more ground stations on roofs of server centers, legacy internet latency will be zero.
very soon for higher latitudes like seattle
yes, starlink is designed to enable competitive gaming
probably 5 or 6 with an optimized tanker, although filling up the ship in orbit isn’t required for mars, so 4 is possible
starlink will be a revolution in connectivity, especially for remote regions or for emergency services when landlines are damaged
yeah
great letter! it will be increasingly difficult to see starlink satellites, as we’re actively working with the astronomer community to ensure that even the most sensitive telescopes are fine &amp; scientific progress is not impeded.
the ship rings are thicker than they need to be (for now), so same thickness works for booster &amp; ship for hoop stress. booster lower tank will have longitudinal stiffeners to prevent buckling.
it’s next-level
glad to hear your mom is ok
good to see. inspiring for future of space!
the new heat pump in model y is what really makes the difference in cold weather
yes, coming soon
great render! the circumferential welds &amp; skin panels will be much smoother in future builds.
that’s very hard to do. have you tried pushing on the charge port door to open? it’s designed to support a manual press to open as well as automatic.
it’s cool &amp; for sure can &amp; should be done, but i suspect its best case will be more costly than wind &amp; solar (aka big fusion reactor in sky)
weld esthetics will improve greatly in upcoming starships
haha true. why do showers have such a wide range!?
light is not as fast as you’d think
maybe we used too many magenta spotlights
having a low center of gravity makes a world of difference to safety
we will probably ipo starlink, but only several years in the future when revenue growth is smooth &amp; predictable. public market does *not* like erratic cash flow haha. i’m a huge fan of small retail investors. will make sure they get top priority. you can hold me to it.
fate loooves irony haha
glad spacex could help! we are prioritizing emergency responders &amp; locations with no internet connectivity at all.
true
that’s total market, not all tesla. we do see tesla reaching 20m vehicles/year probably before 2030, but that requires consistently excellent execution.
seven years for sure to 30m+ new fully electric vehicles per year, six years maybe. five years is possible, but unlikely. an extra year makes a giant difference when it comes to exponentials.
both will do original cars
we aren’t cutting the price of model 3 to $25k. i was referring to a future car that will be smaller than model 3.
what about a heavy duty, paintball machine gun mounted on the bed rails?
new version coming soon
suppliers. we’re only doing high energy nickel ourselves, at least for now. also, maybe the presentation wasn’t clear that we’ve actually had our cells in packs driving cars for several months. prototypes are trivial, volume production is hard.
if it passes australian regulations, then sure
checking into it
totally up to you, but if you head to a tesla delivery center near you &amp; maybe help out new owners, that would be cool
completely agree
yes, the flaps are now directly driven by electric motors with a gearbox! no more hydraulics.
thanks tesla team for great work on deliveries! for new owners, we super appreciate accommodating us on delivery timing! definitely one of our toughest quarters in global logistics.
there are times when i feel like i’m living in a dilbert cartoon
that species has stood the test of time
mostly 304l, some 301. broke at 301 to 304 interface. sn9 will be all 304. also, we’re making some tweaks to the 304 alloy mixture.
8 bar differential in ullage, 9 bar at base due to propellant head. it’s enough. improvements in work.
we just need enough height to test body flaps &amp; drawing propellant from headers vs main tanks. will do several flights to confirm working well, then add heat shield &amp; go high mach.
first flight is to 15km or ~50,000 ft
nosecone &amp; front flaps next week. sn9 next month.
starship sn8 with rear body flaps
sure
true
not bad
exactly
sandy munro understands engineering
turns out they mostly press the letter s &amp; 💩 on the typewriter 🤣
centaur with a bow obviously
haha
something like this
can’t support 3 wheel vehicles. not safe enough.
something appealing about hawking/hartle idea, but i agree with turok/feldbrugge/lehners
true
there are some practical size constraints too. can’t be too big to fit in the engine compartment. but, it could be a little bigger. 380 sec isp would be nice.
doesn’t seem to be a problem. we could probably increase area ratio, given 330 bar max demonstrated chamber pressure.
preburners ignite, then main chamber
where is our prediction of probability inaccurate?
or energy &amp; time, but besides that what?
genetic engineering is too slow unless you use a synthetic virus
what can’t we predict?
yeah, but might not need it
107 expansion ratio. you can a little bit of flow separation towards the end of the nozzle.
only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
this does seem like the opposite of open. openai is essentially captured by microsoft.
haha true
maybe i will …
jets are so cool
pretty much
yahoo finance is as dumb as it sounds
haha
roadster will be better
cybertruck, atv, roadster &amp; semi c a r s
thanks for your many years of support through very tough times!
we will be a little below that this year (most challenging year we’ve ever had), but probably above that next few years
that’s about right. maybe a little faster.
haha
the extreme difficulty of scaling production of new technology is not well understood. it’s 1000% to 10,000% harder than making a few prototypes. the machine that makes the machine is vastly harder than the machine itself.
haha
we intend to increase, not reduce battery cell purchases from panasonic, lg &amp; catl (possibly other partners too). however, even with our cell suppliers going at maximum speed, we still foresee significant shortages in 2022 &amp; beyond unless we also take action ourselves.
important note about tesla battery day unveil tomorrow. this affects long-term production, especially semi, cybertruck &amp; roadster, but what we announce will not reach serious high-volume production until 2022.
thanks!
we really need better legs for starship. they’re coming.
most likely, all flaps will fold after landing to reduce wind tip over force. there may be some cases where flaps deployed help stability (change in wind direction), in which case one or more flaps will extend.
fine, we’ll do it already 😀
good analysis, although i think we should wait until fsd is a bit more mature
i’m pretty sure tesla could do a much better autocorrect. the bar is so low haha.
true
custom ultra high speed bus &amp; efficient cooling
pretty much any machine-learning
it’s big
sure
yeah, we will open dojo for training as a web service once we work out the bugs
there are a lot of pointless zeroes in fp32 neural nets. you can chop off 16 of the 32 bits without losing meaningful precision. this works well with neural nets, but not with regular computing, which expects extreme precision.
dojo uses our own chips &amp; a computer architecture optimized for neural net training, not a gpu cluster. could be wrong, but i think it will be best in world.
you really want waypoints this much?
for dojo, we’re betting on fp16 with floating floating point (essentially, truncating mostly zeroes), so it feels like fp32 &amp; existing software just works. we considered fp8 for a while, but everyone hated it. i even asked twitter! for inference, int8 works great.
there’ll be lots of green space around factory, but building itself is continuous. the “open” areas inside are covered. they’re internal semi truck roads inside a giant monolithic building.
shaped like a diamond &amp; aligned on true north
a prior track record of exceptional achievement in engineering *is* required, but *no* prior experience working on the brain or human physiology is required. we will teach you what’s known about the brain, which is not much tbh.
if you feel neuralink might have incorrectly overlooked your resume or declined to make an offer, please lmk in comment below
felt i had done enough on the internet (zip2 &amp; paypal) that my work would be useful to others. needed to get going on accelerating sustainable energy &amp; making life multiplanetary.
it took an utterly insane amount of work to move the spacex &amp; tesla success probabilities above ~zero
to be frank, in the early days, i thought there was &gt;90% chance that both spacex &amp; tesla would be worth $0. the press &amp; aerospace / automotive industry at the time (correctly) agreed with me.
irrational is such a funny word to describe numbers
of course i still love you
sure, but which planet?
good movie
current was too strong for droneship to hold station. thrusters to be upgraded for future missions.
lot has happened in 13 years
it will be very insane
speedrunning factorio in real life …
no, but you make some great points. important to note that iron’s cost advantage is partly offset by increased pack mass, so the fully considered cost is closer to nickel. that said, iron alleviates much of the scaling problem.
fallout shelter is on your tesla. tap the entertainment button.
great idea!
🖤 fallout radio 🖤
there are some eerie parallels between the boring company &amp; vault-tec. we also built our first demonstration tunnel/vault in la.
doubles as an underground nuclear shelter 😀👍
yeah
should be happening soon
a bit more obscure, but starhammer &amp; stainless steel rat
at first, i thought that was a parrot
they remind me of these guys
story of my life
tunnels under cities with self-driving electric cars will feel like warp drive first operational tunnel under vegas almost done the
for sure
good point
have you hugged a tunnel today?
good analysis
exactly
gary the snail is still winning, but we’re gaining on him/her
tunnels are the solution to traffic. you can have as many levels as you want. usable tunnel depth far exceeds tallest buildings, so would work even for new york or beijing.
just a guess, but probably mid teens. booster &amp; stacking on orbital pad are likely limiting factors. we’ll build several ships just to improve the production system.
pretty accurate simulation, although sn8 will use 3 raptors. if sn8 craters, sn9 &amp; sn10 are close behind. high production rate allows for fast iteration.
couldn’t agree more — major software improvements are already in place to extend its life &amp; more coming
definitely not. smartwatches &amp; phones are yesterday’s technology, neuralinks are the future.
seems like they should make a whole outfit out of that material
ancient greece had it all &amp; then committed suicide. nobody digs your grave better than yourself.
true
the lego movie was awesome
the story of civilization. first book is a little dry, but second book, the life of greece, is incredible.
i’m wearing your f-1 engine shirt right now!
cumulative mass to orbit per year (corrected for gto &amp; other high energy orbits) is the best comparative metric imo
that’s the number that really matters
anyone tracking tonnage to orbit per year for all launch vehicles?
one way or another, excitement guaranteed! support of greater boca, padre, brownsville community is very much appreciated.
sn8 starship with flaps &amp; nosecone should be done in about a week. then static fire, checkouts, static fire, fly to 60,000 ft &amp; back.
can someone do a boat service from south padre to boca?
exactly. problems like that have been addressed.
yes. good insight.
all frames stitched to single frame (tricky, as all cameras overlap in different ways) &amp; then creating video segments for labeling &amp; training. everything from the labeling tools themselves to training to inference had to be rewritten.
much
releasing private beta in 2 to 4 weeks, public beta (early access owners who opt in) 4 to 6 weeks after that, then all us tesla owners mid december. above schedule is contingent upon not encountering major unexpected setbacks.
and this still isn’t using the dramatically better “4d” (aka simultaneous surround video from 8 cameras) architecture
cool
he has no clue
sorry to hear that. i’m sure you’ll figure it out though. took us four launches to reach orbit. rockets are hard.
many exciting things will be unveiled on battery day 9/22 ⚡️
we will make super efficient home hvac with hepa filters one day
if reich actually cares about global warming, why is he making so much hot air!?
try a tesla &amp; you’re welcome to give it back if you decide you prefer a subaru
vera rubin observatory is cool
munger is right
black-scholes formula is kinda bs. big difference between a finance approximation &amp; fundamental physics / pure math.
true
tesla is best understood as a collection of about a dozen startups, mostly in series, increasingly in parallel. every product line &amp; new production system was invented. instead of playing chess with the same pieces as everyone else, create new pieces.
tesla r&amp;d productivity is exceptionally good due to the caliber of engineering talent
tesla model s &amp; x have hospital-grade (hepa) air filters. 3 &amp; y are really good too. this has a big effect on health.
all tesla workers also get stock, so their compensation increased proportionately. you are a modern day moron.
rawlinson didn’t design model s. prototype was done before he joined &amp; he left us in the lurch just as things got tough, which was not cool. he did make some contributions to body/chassis engineering, but not to powertrain, battery, electronics or software.
we’re pretty close to the manufacturing size limit for a milled copper &amp; steel jacket nozzle. lot of complexity to add a nozzle extension to a sea level engine for small gain. also hard to fit bigger engine nozzles on the booster.
haha
and starts tweeting
if you bombard earth with enough photons, eventually it emits a tesla (ak)
there is already bidirectional communication between human &amp; ai via phones &amp; computers. it’s just lossy &amp; very slow (especially output)
above 50% likely to make it
this is a test engine. flight articles are fixed with no gimbal.
worth noting that thrust is only slightly higher with the big bell nozzle version. larger bell is primarily for efficiency in vacuum. aiming for 380+ sec isp for rvac long-term. initially likely to be ~372.
chart understates lithium-ion potential by roughly 1/3
model 3 rated as most reliable car
turns out you can make anything fly haha
exactly. this is not fully appreciated.
starship sn6 flew asimilar hop to sn5, but it was a much smoother &amp; faster operation
great trip to germany. support from government &amp; people is super appreciated!
trust ur butt haha
an ai with 🍓 picking as its goal will result in strawberry fields forever
over time, outer 20 will have ~300 tons of thrust &amp; inner 8 ~210, so roughly 7500 tons total at sea level or 1.5 t/w for booster+ship
yeah
just go through resonant modes fast. it’s when you hang out there that problems arise.
videodrome
yeah
lhc tbh
if you ever want to build a long accelerator tunnel, straight or circular, i know some people …
cool
physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation
if some company has solved a useful thing that we can just buy, that would be great! it’s so much work to create our own tech. we develop new tech, because we have to, not because we want to.
tesla germany designed &amp; built the vaccine rna printers for curevac, but, subject to some curevac ip, they could be made for other companies too
technically, james watt measured a pony, added 50% &amp; rounded up haha
also, critical thinking
alexander and the rise of hellenism and film studies
wow, i super loved astronomy (but took it at queens, not penn)! definitely one of my favorite classes. senior year quantum mechanics at penn was the hardest class i ever took. that stuff will mess with your mind.
yeah, he sent it to me through a mutual physics prof friend at caltech/cern. very basic stuff.
it’s too embarrassing
just learned that my physics prof from penn is head of fermilab &amp; still has some of my old homework ☺️
it is unfortunately common for many in academia to overweight the value of ideas &amp; underweight bringing them to fruition. for example, the idea of going to the moon is trivial, but going to the moon is hard.
people are extremely unlikely to die of covid/sars-cov2 alone. if you have multiple pre-existing health conditions &amp; a weak immune system, then you have significant mortality risk from many diseases (not just covid/sars-cov2) that would otherwise have minor effect.
that &amp; giga berlin are why i’m headed to germany this week. conversations with harvard epidemiology confirmed that a high-speed rna printer has potential be helpful for vaccines &amp; cures in many areas.
antibody half-life for cov2 is very short. in a study that spacex did working with harvard epidemiology, it appears to be as low as 2 or 3 weeks. nonetheless, reinfection rates are very low &amp; symptoms are minor, perhaps due to memory t cells
yeah
one person at tesla (out of 60,000) was hospitalized in serious condition (he caught cov2 at home, not work), no deaths. i called his wife &amp; hayward hospital to make sure he was getting the right treatment, but which he was.
some of the tests we initially tried at tesla were ~50% false positive, including some from major medical device companies. too many testing methods were approved too quickly. wouldn’t blame the fda, though. public was demanding fast test approval.
not yet
yes. this is the hardest part of the booster design.
people read too much into this level of detail. it’s not useful for predicting the future, nor can we ourselves accurately predict what issues we will encounter on a short-term, fine-grained level.
critical feedback is always appreciated btw
we can’t have a blanket pass, but maybe for some events
later versions of a larger device would have that potential
actually c, although the syntax could be improved esthetically
i like c, because it avoids class warfare
a nightcap would probably work best
pretty much
good summary
conceptual telepathy
ahem … starting soon
“all of physics is either impossible or trivial. it is impossible until you understand it, and then it becomes trivial.” e rutherford
giant gap between experimental medical device for use only in patients with extreme medical problems &amp; widespread consumer use. this is way harder than making a small number of prototypes.
testing with shorter rvac skirt went well. full length skirt test coming soon.
neuralink product demo in 3 hours. webcast at
only need 2 engines
boring co tunnel in vegas is only a few months from being operational
neuralink this month &amp; tesla next month, spacex probably october. we will have made a lot of progress by then. might have a prototype booster hop done by then.
soon
they’re quite accurate!
that number sure comes up a lot 🤣🤣
i’m fine with reasonable drone footage. just needs to be at a fair distance &amp; not coming right up to people. i think our security was a little overzealous in this case.
thanks to a smart and hardworking team at tesla. these sure are wild times …
much appreciated. this was a serious attack.
brave starhopper carried the day
only so many days
we were too obtuse for our own good, although i think it works esthetically. those are folded-over current collectors at the top/bottom of the cell, which are important, but i don’t want to jump the gun on sept 22 …
but actually nothing. was surprised to hear they’re across the road. adding silicon to carbon anode makes sense. we already do. question is just what ratio of silicon to carbon &amp; what shape? silicon expands like crazy during discharge &amp; comes apart, so cycle life is usually bad.
nothing 👀
then they leave the house and hardly ever call their parents!
the big bang started very, very smōl
asimov was 🔥🔥
olde skoole analog synthesizer from ancient britain
was just there &amp; weather was calm. sure hope it stays that way!
tesla brake lights are powered by a miniverse inside a microverse
exactly
no, we’re focused on developing new products &amp; scaling production
yes, will show v2. still far from lasik, but could get pretty close in a few years.
lengthy background on neuralink by
live webcast of working device friday 3pm pacific
astronaughty
mars is easier than the moon for propellant production. could get going with only one ship, where the ship itself is the propellant plant. needs to make ~2 tons/day.
starship propellant is ~78% oxygen, so an o2 plant on the moon would be enough. otherwise, we could brute-force it with tankers to low earth orbit. that’s probably faster.
now i want candy
there’s a lot of frozen co2 &amp; h2o on mars. heating the planet will densify the atmosphere. it’s solvable.
perhaps one day there will be an ocean on the northern part of mars
it’s almost working reliably
very different computers are needed for training vs inference. fsd is mostly int8, but dojo is de facto fp32 (feels like fp32, but actually fp16 with boring bits truncated) so we don’t need to rewrite all the training software. it should work almost immediately.
not exactly gpus for nn. lots of cores optimized for dot products with fast local memory &amp; super high bandwidth between cores &amp; efficient liquid cooling. compiler needs to be optimized too.
no &amp; not possible at this scale
orbital launch mount
yeah. occasional flights from land are ok, but frequent (daily) flights probably need ~30km / 18 miles clear area for noise.
sure
on it
i tried to warn them, but they just dug their own grave twice as fast!
400 wh/kg *with* high cycle life, produced in volume (not just a lab) is not far. probably 3 to 4 years.
starship/super heavy, which is ~10x mass of zenit, will mostly launch from ocean spaceports long-term
starship/super heavy is ~10x bigger in mass &amp; volume
a metaphor for life
accurate distance calculation using only vision is fundamental. other sensors can help, but are not fundamental.
uh oh
more fun games coming soon to ur tesla
strikes again!
sorry, noise reduction has gotten much better recently &amp; will continue to improve
new tesla feature coming that enables your car to play snake jazz or polynesian elevator music through its outside speakers wherever you go
hopefully, we have achieved ai symbiosis by then
or a self-perpetuating autocracy based on a farcical aquatic ceremony where the king is chosen by a wise panzer in a lake
direct democracy. short, comprehensible laws voted on directly by the people. snake jazz.
it’s quite hard for us to write the software needed to cover basic car functionality, but maybe we could do something of this nature
gpt-3 sounds like simon &amp; garfunkel lyrics
bureaucracy is inherently kafkaesque
true 🤣🤣
medical check is a-ok!
he might run for president in 2024
absolutely needs liquid cooling. we’re applying our experience cooling half megawatt drive unit power electronics in cars to computers.
that’s an error in canada. the lease payment is specifically lower than loan financing, as tesla expects to repossess the car. this is essentially a bet on residual value. if you believe residual value will rise, buy on loan, if you think it will drop, then lease.
we will push for ten flights with starlink
almost never need to replace whole engine, but some individual parts like turbine wheels need to be replaced over time. similar to a jet engine.
mostly for employees, but we’ll support public access whenever it’s safe &amp; secure. public support is critical to making life multiplanetary.
absolutely 😃 🏝
i don’t want be cavalier, but there isn’t an obvious limit. 100+ flights are possible. some parts will need to be replaced or upgraded. cleaning all 9 merlin turbines is difficult. raptor is way easier in this regard, despite being a far more complex engine.
i’ve been working in boca since sunday. august heat &amp; humidity in south texas is intense! if you think of it like a tropical resort, that makes it better though.
dojo v1.0 isn’t done yet. about a year away. not just about the chips. power &amp; cooling problem is hard.
it’s counter-intuitive, but raptor has so much thrust at high isp with liquid (high density) propellant &amp; pump-fed (light tanks), that it beats hot gas for the flip. that said, hot gas beats the heck out of n2 for orbital manuevers &amp; stabilizing ship if landing in high winds!
payload reduction due to reusability of booster &amp; fairing is &lt;40% for f9 &amp; recovery &amp; refurb is &lt;10%, so you’re roughly even with 2 flights, definitely ahead with 3
yes, it will have huge nuts haha
we really need a bigger one, so adults can squeeze in too. guaranteed to make a party more fun. works well with flamethrowers!
my favorite is one in tension, other dof in compression. new roadster wheels will only have one nut.
aloha, welcome back from space 💫
yeah, will post shortly
winning “worst person i’ve ever worked with” is not easy. some real champions are vying for that title!
ms tree catches fairing in her net
up there somewhere, cruising through deep space
must be aliens
this little spit of dirt will take us to mars
humans are swiftly becoming a small percentage of total compute
max demonstrated raptor thrust is ~225 tons &amp; min is ~90 tons, so they’re actually quite similar. both merlin &amp; raptor could throttle way lower with added design complexity. raptor preburner &amp; merlin gas generator flameout are what limit lower bound.
that’s engine sn. we’re building sn8 of the ship.
sn40 is about to be tested &amp; has several upgrades over 330 bar engine. for reference, 330 bar on raptor produces ~225 tons (half a million pounds) of force.
raptor engine just reached 330 bar chamber pressure without exploding!
yeah, starship will be a tiny dot at 20km. hard to see with naked eye. we’ll do lots of flights.
very impressive render. note, legs will be bigger &amp; there’ll be way more stuff in engine bay. main engines actually do majority of work in turning ship vertical before landing.
this might sting a little …
the “early investor” part of tesla is wrong. that bs has been pushed by eberhard (worst person i’ve ever worked with and that’s saying something!) for years.
also, there could be long period comets that intersect earth right now. we just haven’t observed them during humanity’s (very short) recorded history. comet s-l 9 punched a roughly earth-sized hole in jupiter.
pretty much
cybertruck option package
my button-twiddling makes no sense at all 🤣🤣
you got it
that’s a great one
“tanks 4 the memery” - panzer of the lake
some big milestones coming up
africa is big
bold move, sir, bold move
thank you, tesla is most honored!
very real possibility
please trash me on wikipedia, i’m begging you
history is written by the victors … except on wikipedia haha
cover of barbie girl
yes. probably more accurate to say great filters plural.
yes, it’s called cyber girl
we must pass the great filter
sounds right
seriously
crysis rocks
a truly useful exaflop at de facto fp32
metal has a fudge-like consistency near its melting point, so you can just smoosh it together
this is how we make falcon 9
this is out of our hands, so hard to predict. maybe on order of 10 billion km of real world driving will be enough to convince regulators.
🤣🤣 hasty govt 🤣🤣
a lot of work remains. technically, we have it working in sim with fpgas at ~0.01% capability. this will be a true supercomputer.
dojo is still being built. maybe a year or so from v1.0.
autopilot was trapped in a local maximum, labeling single camera images uncorrelated in time. now, it is not.
your insights over the years have been excellent. that’s approximately right.
absolutely, but it doesn’t seem that govt can move fast enough
it will blow ur mind haha
i want to do electric vtol supersonic sooo bad, but my brain will overload
asteroid impact risk is well understood, but not comets. those worry me.
great mission patch design!
haha true
exactly
also definitely coming haha. will only be on relatively recent cars, as we didn’t have an outside speaker until about a year ago. can change inside sound easily.
sorry, this is embarrassingly late. two factor authentication via sms or authenticator app is going through final validation right now.
yes! we’re labeling bumps &amp; potholes, so the car can slow down or steer around them when safe to do so.
this is what i meant by “4d”
the fsd improvement will come as a quantum leap, because it’s a fundamental architectural rewrite, not an incremental tweak. i drive the bleeding edge alpha build in my car personally. almost at zero interventions between home &amp; work. limited public release in 6 to 10 weeks.
tesla is developing a nn training computer called dojo to process truly vast amounts of video data. it’s a beast! please consider joining our ai or computer/chip teams if this sounds interesting.
more software improvements coming
significant improvements coming to s/x air suspension soon via software update! will simultaneously improve performance handling &amp; ride comfort &amp; enable user customization of height &amp; damping, geocoded for relevance.
h2o, ch4/co2, n2, iron, nickel, chrome, aluminum (not necessarily in that order) will matter far more than gold or platinum for space travel
what are the odds … ?
the rate of improvement from original gpt to gpt-3 is impressive. if this rate of improvement continues, gpt-5 or 6 could be indistinguishable from the smartest humans. just my opinion, not an endorsement. i left openai 2 to 3 years ago. am a neutral outsider at this point.
tesla team is working hard on increasing powerwall production
impressive
yes, integrated with the tip of the nose
this is important
probably not faster than utility power can be restored. powerwall/powerpack/megapack can certainly be helpful long-term.
starship fairing will actually have more height than shown here. dome will be flatter &amp; more of tip is accessible. usable volume ~1000 cubic meters.
you are correct. this is a substantial underpayment compared to what ula has received.
so why is this madness acceptable for boeing/lockheed rockets?
nobody would suggest buying airplanes that only fly once &amp; then crash into the ocean. that would be absurd …
i generally try my best not to be on patents
efficiently reusable rockets are all that matter for making life multiplanetary &amp; “space power”. because their rockets are not reusable, it will become obvious over time that ula is a complete waste of taxpayer money.
will be amazing to see it in operation! biggest casting machine ever made. will make rear body in a single piece, including crash rails.
sorry to hear this. what can we do to help?
no surprise
aiming to make it super fun!
a little toastier each flight
same hex tiles, slightly different mounting method. need bigger sections of tiles to see how they hold up with cryo shrinkage, pressure expansion &amp; body bending.
sn7 will be new alloy test tank taken to burst pressure. sn8 will have body flaps &amp; nosecone.
sn 5 &amp; 6 at starship production complex in texas
one day soon, i will wear this outfit
i was trying to channel herb tarlek from wkrp
note the fabulous plaid jacket &amp; gingham shirt combo 🤣
twin peaks
working on my mom’s cousin’s farm in saskatchewan at age 17. i think we did a barn-raising that day.
not sure yet, but hopefully. will need leg &amp; other repairs. probably sn6 flies before sn5. we need to make flights simple &amp; easy — many per day.
clearly
also true
over time, since we give all employees shares, my ownership is diluted automatically. from the first financing round, where i owned ~60% of tesla to today at ~20%, it has declined by a factor of 3.
i wonder if he reads his twitter feed
and why aim your attacks at tesla, when we’re doing more than any other company on earth to advance green/sustainable energy? have you read the news?
that bs was pushed by oil &amp; gas interests to distract people from the $5 *trillion* per year they receive in subsidies. bernard sanders is a docile puppet of big oil!
good analysis. he also includes a govt loan for high efficiency vehicles that tesla paid back with interest several years, unlike other auto companies.
yeah, full name of engine is velociraptor or raptor for short
haha, good catch. booster will have fixed legs that add ~2m in height.
i think we can get (veloci)raptor t/w on par with merlin. latter also started out with about half its current t/w.
it will look crazy tall with booster &amp; fairing at 122m / 394 ft
apart from failing to quarantine elderly/at-risk people early (a mistake they recognize), they were right
good piece on giga berlin construction
this seems increasingly likely
this is gonna be great
we’ll do several short hops to smooth out launch process, then go high altitude with body flaps
soon
v1.1 legs will be ~60% longer. v2.0 legs will be much wider &amp; taller — like falcon, but capable of landing on unimproved surfaces &amp; auto-leveling.
progress is accelerating
exactly
mars is looking real
possible flight in 3 mins
most likely
true
highly likely down the road
true fact
scrubbed for the day. a raptor turbopump spin start valve didn’t open, triggering an automatic abort. we’ll figure out why &amp; retry tomorrow.
i’m in the boca control room. hop attempt in ~33 minutes.
for sure
tbh, i must confess to occasionally pontificating about high-concept things
pretty much
nosecone closing is recommended, but not required, for safe entry
when space travel becomes as common as air travel, the future of civilization will be assured
space is the new air
congratulations &amp; on completing first crewed dragon flight!! 🇺🇸 returned.
yup
42+10
gnarly
yes
odd
👍🏻👍🏻
very odd
paul ehrlich has done immense damage to humanity. immense. i despise him.
yup
vegas octagon
yes
bizarre!
yup
wow
elon♥️france
wow
yup
hmm
yup
🤦‍♂️
or a social media media company
yes
🤦‍♂️
wow
bibliothèque de richelieu avec coeur de voltaire
molte grazie!
yup
quanto sei bella roma!
ftw
🔥🔥🔥
hmm
wow
yup 📈
hmm
major concern
wow
yup
yes
🥜 ftw
wow
wow
yes
odd
no corvus needed
yes
esg is the devil
11.4.3?
esg is the devil
yes
wow
🤣🤣🔥🔥
tesla model s &amp; model x have hospital-grade hepa air filters, protecting you from dust, bacteria, pollen (allergies), spores &amp; many toxic gases
a ufo?
age 5 …
lol
insane!!
wow
💯 👏
♥️♥️
wow!
hmm
😂😂😂😂
yes
🇫🇷 vive la france! 🇫🇷
cute
wow
yes
wow
insane
yup
yes
wow
zero …
why?
wow
🧠🕹️🤔
prophetic
yup
wow
lol
yes
yes
wow
lol
yes
yes
🤣👍🏻
princess mono nokia
ai ♾️
😵‍💫
yup
lol
yup
yes
yup
odd
angelic
lol
wow
yup
wow
economic enema en route
yup
yes
🤣 😬
lol
yup
i appreciate the kind words!
those old ladies are wise
meant to say other forms of “the cold”, not influenza
there is considerable conflation of diagnosis &amp; contraction of “corona”. actual virality is much lower than it would seem. i think this will turn out to be comparable to other forms of influenza. world war z it is not.
i become tiesto at night
i wrote the lyrics &amp; performed the vocals!!
be … cause … it’s … you
don’t doubt ur vibe
😅 this song is hard
hope you’re enjoying the simulation
be … cause … it’s … true
releasing soon on emo g records!
exactly. mars propellant production will combine atmospheric co2 &amp; water (ice) to make ch4 (methane) &amp; o2. will do same on earth long-term. short-term, each falcon flight uses roughly same fuel mass as a 747 flight. falcon is ~71% oxygen &amp; starship is ~78%, so mostly not fuel.
this number won’t leave me alone! 🤣🤣
just wrote a song called “don’t doubt yer vibe”
ok, not so bad
who is hating on isru &amp; why? doesn’t make sense.
a friend just sent me this excerpt from a tesla blog i wrote 14 years ago
tonnage delivered to orbit, normalized to leo, would be interesting to see
if all goes well, falcon 9 will achieve triple digits this year
liquid nitrogen cryogenic strength test underway ☃️
matter is extremely fluffy!
chairs are underappreciated
the stars in starship’s mirrored hull reflected
already being done
parent material strength roughly doubles, so weld strength is the only real question mark
first two domes of sn1 are almost complete
starship 9m test tank made 7.5 bar at room temp! small leak at a weld doubler. will be repaired &amp; retested at cryo.
the good old days!
we’re working on it
a tesla works as a boat for short periods of time, as an electric car has no air intake or exhaust to block &amp; battery/motor/electronics are water-sealed. submarines are just underwater evs.
nice
meme necromancy
going with nomenclature of giga [most widely understood location name] vs giga #, so giga shanghai, giga nevada, giga new york &amp; giga berlin
for sure. giga berlin will build sustainable energy vehicles using sustainable energy, so net environmental impact will be extremely positive!
exactly!
giga berlin / gf4 will absolutely be designed with sustainability and the environment in mind
sounds like we need to clear up a few things! tesla won’t use this much net water on a daily basis. it’s possibly a rare peak usage case, but not an everyday event. also, this is not a natural forest — it was planted for use as cardboard &amp; only a small part will be used for gf4.
v3 supercharger deployment will accelerate considerably this year
yeah, system should adapt to most likely destination &amp; anticipate school, then work, if that’s owner preference
definitely
we should have a base on the moon, a city on mars
i love that heart of gold is moved by infinite improbability
we should strive to extend the light of consciousness into the cosmos
star peace ✌️
we’re working on it
agreed, v important
blazing saddles
working on it
it’s on the list
want to play the witcher game on your tesla? (you can already watch the show on tesla netflix theater)
explains the sad lack of progress in candy research!
yeah, doors are 40 ft wide
yeah, we just finished two more propellant domes. spacex team &amp; supporting suppliers are doing amazing work ramping starship production.
nice shot
improved accommodations
would like to take a moment to thank michael &amp; ze’ev for helping tesla. it was very hard work &amp; both could’ve just rested on their laurels. much appreciated 🍻.
walk this way
great talking with !
michael marks, then ze’ev drori, but i helped out as co-ceo as they didn’t have much automotive domain expertise
dragon trunk from in-flight abort test is in surprisingly good shape!
exactly
thanks on behalf of the team! thank you also for the support has provided over the years, without which this would not have happened.
haha
dragon high altitude, supersonic abort test is a risky mission, as it’s pushing the envelope in so many ways
5 mins from liftoff
best place to view is from the beach. excitement guaranteed!
dragon spacecraft supersonic abort test coming up either tomorrow or sunday, depending on weather
what should we change?
munro’s analysis of tesla engineering is accurate, both pro &amp; con. i think he will appreciate some elements of the model y body design.
even more important for a a reusable rocket, as cost of propellant actually becomes relevant &amp; anything below t/w of 1 is wasted fuel &amp; oxygen
helping to pay for this is why i’m accumulating assets on earth.
loading the mars fleet into earth orbit, then 1000 ships depart over ~30 days every 26 months. battlestar galactica …
aiming for 20 to 30 years, like aircraft
yes. there will be a lot of jobs on mars!
needs to be such that anyone can go if they want, with loans available for those who don’t have money
yeah. a lot of work is needed for propellant production on mars.
that’s the goal
building 100 starships/year gets to 1000 in 10 years or 100 megatons/year or maybe around 100k people per earth-mars orbital sync
starship design goal is 3 flights/day avg rate, so ~1000 flights/year at &gt;100 tons/flight, so every 10 ships yield 1 megaton per year to orbit
megatons per year to orbit are needed for life to become multiplanetary
that’s about right
reaction to cyberpunk 2077 slipping release date to september
what’s amazing is how non-linear the effect of gravity is. starship can travel by itself from surface of mars to surface of earth, but requires massive booster on earth with orbital refilling to get to mars, which is ~38% of earth gravity.
densification isn’t needed to return the ship &amp; limited cargo from mars, but it’s an option for increasing cargo return capability if needed
fundamental issue with sls is that it’s not reusable, which means that a billion dollar rocket is blown up every launch! 💯 tragedy.
densifying hydrogen is difficult, as its liquid temp is close to absolute zero. much easier with ch4, which is an underappreciated advantage. cooling o2 is good too, but becomes operationally difficult at n2 liquid temp, as air is ~78% n2. entire system wants to drip air!
sorry, migh have brought the site down
starship orbital vehicle sn1, liquid oxygen header tank &amp; nosecone
just saw this today. tesla refunds in general should be easy to get electronically &amp; certainly through customer service. will he addressed.
very true. what’s really mindblowing is how much energy the sun outputs &amp; how little of it is absorbed by earth. there is sooo much solar energy. we can solar power all of human civilization with a tiny % of earth’s surface, which is a super tiny % of energy emitted by the sun.
advancing humanity’s understanding of the universe is a fundamental motivator for spacex! starship can put giant 🔭 in orbit &amp; on moon. with an occluder, could image 🌏 in other star systems.
one person’s mri machine is another’s railgun! made a primitive one when i was studying physics at penn. hard to wield though.
exactly. we’ve had good discussions with leading astronomers. one way or another, we’ll make sure starlink doesn’t inhibit new discoveries or change the character of the night sky.
great song
t-shirt is bulletproof &amp; makes u buff!
thanks for mentioning! we should’ve done this ages ago.
good analysis, although a bit conservative imo. however, using a high upper bound for land area that’s *still* a tiny % of the us prob helps convert some naysayers. that giant fusion reactor in the sky called the sun outputs a truly staggering amount of energy!
they will
we need more emojis!!
and, of course, your car will be able to 💨 in their general direction
for sure!! this will make for some epic robber confusion 🤣🤣
teslas will soon talk to people if you want. this is real.
should be able to post video of raptor on tripod soon
ok, tho could be gnarly
destroyed in dragon fire
we tried to design a way to save b1046, but not possible 😞
soon
hard gothic
haha
we are trapped in a prison of fonts
every tank under pressure is a balloon tank — it’s just question of degree. starship tanks are not balloon tanks like atlas in sense that they don’t collapse when depressurized on the ground.
everything is compressible, but liquid compression at these pressures is not significant. however, the tanks do expand under pressure, creating a bit more volume. keeping propellant super cold has a big effect on density of ~10% in case of ch4.
a given tank pressure is needed to feed the engine turbopumps &amp; pressure-stabilize/relieve compression load on the cylinder walls
dome to barrel weld made it to 7.1 bar, which is pretty good as ~6 bar is needed for orbital flight. with more precise parts &amp; better welding conditions, we should reach ~8.5 bar, which is the 1.4 factor of safety needed for crewed flight.
great idea
🎶 toss a coin to ur witcher 🎶
phony
haha true
true
the sun is green (peak photon frequency)
bitcoin is *not* my safe word
x is y
sure
i put the art in fart
king of the goblins, master of the labyrinth
♥️♥️ tesla china team ♥️♥️ such amazing progress!!
i haven’t cross-checked rcs pulses with the mli dimpling on the video, but it’s most likely the cause
nice 🤣🤣
since there’s only one main engine, which gives pitch and yaw control, roll control is provided by the nitrogen attitude control thrusters
looks like a thin, flat, round ufo on a stick. starlink terminal has motors to self-adjust optimal angle to view sky. instructions are simply: - plug in socket - point at sky these instructions work in either order. no training required.
just tryin to grow my follower count on pornhub …
sprockets was amazing
at least 4
bossart was boss art!
haha this rocks!
the nirvana baby is about a year away from turning 30
fair piece by stoll
people talk about the products they *love*, that touch their heart &amp; bring moments of joy
wow, i built my first server room with parts from fry’s. ending of an era.
congratulations tesla &amp; spacex on great 2019! you rock!! looking forward to epic 2020 ♥️🚀🛰🚘☀️
no one suspected his disguise
carlos gone
it’s a bit slow
it’s not ready yet
explains 🐈 🎥
thanks all tesla club members for helping out! looking forward to seeing you there tomorrow. ❤️
wow, hard to believe that was 10 years ago!
jack is doing his best. i support him.
time to break up amazon. monopolies are wrong!
this is insane
that’s when all life on earth will be boiled off. what matters is how long civilization is capable of making the jump to mars. this could be a very short period of time measured in decades. it took 4.5 billion years to get to this point &amp; civilization isn’t looking super stable.
so many war stories over 18 eventful years! but starship can make life multiplanetary, which is what really matters for safeguarding the light of consciousness &amp; life as we know it. 100x improvement over falcon/dragon.
off twitter for a while
this is a major problem!
nope haha
yup
true
needs be able to get from starbase to south padre island, which requires crossing the channel
off-label use 🤣
cybertruck will be waterproof enough to serve briefly as a boat, so it can cross rivers, lakes &amp; even seas that aren’t too choppy
submarines use electric motors under water …
works on land too
as well as advanced chip &amp; supercomputer engineers for next-gen training &amp; inference
note, this event is meant for recruiting ai &amp; robotics engineers, so will be highly technical
pretty much. ai/robotics engineers who understand what problems need to be solved will like what they see.
there will be lots of technical detail &amp; cool hardware demos
good analysis
rated for 280+ kph (174+ mph) winds
starlink maritime system enables high speed internet connectivity even in heavy seas &amp; hurricane winds
last coal shipment arrived in hawaii at same time as tesla megapack batteries that will enable 24/7 sustainable energy
still very tiny potatoes compared to what’s needed to make life multiplanetary
spacex now delivering about twice as much payload to orbit as rest of world combined
extremely concerning
how ironic, that’s what henrik fisker did to tesla in 2007! karma is a …
they need to add a lot of batteries to the grid to buffer energy
i guess this joke is a slow burn … 🥁
big improvement in high speed cross-traffic velocity nn coming next month
maybe worth talking at some point
make “hair on fire” not just a metaphor
stand out in a crowd! get noticed as you walk through the airport!
coming soon from , the same people that sold you a flamethrower
“burnt hair” – scent for men by singed
i’m a little preoccupied rn
batteries ftw
good point
my son, saxon, was amazed that so many paper newspapers are still produced every day. he said they probably just search the internet &amp; print it out. yup, with rare exception, that is *actually* what they do haha.
falcon 9 fairing cam captures 2nd stage plume, booster entry burn &amp; earth in twilight
even then, lenin would’ve gotten nowhere without ludendorff’s train
charming …
starlink now over 1m user terminals manufactured
siegel is obviously correct
activating starlink …
education is the path out of poverty and internet access enables education
exactly
starlink connecting schools in the amazon
it is
why is this a popmech story?
yup (sigh)
fully reusable orbital rockets are the fundamental breakthrough needed for humanity to become a multiplanet species
the terminology is outdated &amp; inaccurate. this is a tiny over-the-air software update. to the best of our knowledge, there have been no injuries.
your car needs a camera upgrade, which is free of charge. there are a few thousand cars in a similar situation. replacement cameras will be available early next month.
while (!pheromone) {}
shaded patio
actually, i live in a little house on weems st that cost ~$50k (but i’ve done a lot with the place!)
aka cogency
looks awesome 😎
maybe little electric tesla boats with a retro-futuristic victorian design
long-term goal is a boardwalk with amenities that goes all the way to downtown austin, so you can walk, bike or kayak
area from south giga to river really will be next-level great &amp; open to public!
ecological paradise plans from south portion of giga texas to river look great, however we must first get the factory financially on its feet
i was instrumental in creating openai, which made dall-e
although his methods of instruction very strongly favored stick over carrot, i did learn a tremendous amount of engineering from him &amp; appreciation of art (he is an extremely talented artist)
boys high was a good school, but it was government, not private. brooklyn would be considered a middle income, not exclusive, neighborhood in america.
for sure
errol ran out of money in the 90’s. my brother &amp; i financially supported him &amp; his extended family in south africa since then on condition that he not do bad things. unfortunately, he did do bad things :(
this is true
with some improvements, it will achieve 300 mps
incorrect. there was tuition for students from outside the school district, which was a small part of the student body, incl black students, but not for students in district, which i was. also, i was there for 2.5 years, previously attending govt schools for 9 of 12 years.
i went to government schools, not private, except for part of one year in third grade
probably q2 next year, with vehicles initially transferred by boat from port of brownsville to the cape
that’s the plan. we’re taking a little risk there, as engine isolation was done as retrofit, so not as good as on booster 9.
late next month maybe, but november seems highly likely. we will have two boosters &amp; ships ready for orbital flight by then, with full stack production at roughly one every two months.
our focus is on reliability upgrades for flight on booster 7 and completing booster 9, which has many design changes, especially for full engine rud isolation.
exactly
seems that way
. what’s going on?
such miracles are impossible
that’s a real picture?
absolutely
unsurprisingly, reich is also a hypocrite
reich is suicidally boring
you both an idiot and a liar
curiouser and curiouser …
same
happy birthday bro, love you
yes, all us &amp; canada cars with safety scores above 80 should receive an invitation to download fsd beta by tomorrow
note, autopilot/ai team is also working on optimus and (actually smart) summon/autopark, which have end of month deadlines
next month
starlink will ask for an exemption to iranian sanctions in this regard
looking forward to providing starlink service to the people of zambia!
car will move on tighter gaps as we enhance nn velocity predictions for crossing traffic. 10.69.3 next month has some step-change improvements.
fsd beta 10.69.2.1 looks good, extending to 160k owners in us &amp; canada
profoundly important concept
great for clearing dust!
booster 7 now returns to high bay for robustness upgrades &amp; booster 8 moves to pad for testing. next big test is probably full stack wet dress rehearsal, then 33 engine firing in a few weeks.
7 engine static fire
chamber pressure looked good on all 7 engines
yes, seven engine static fire
there is too much latency in fed decisions. problematic in a fast-changing world.
tunnels ftw
yes, the fundamental error is reasoning by analogy, rather than first principles
starry, starry night paint your palette blue and gray
starlink is now active on all continents, including antarctica
another batch with lasers reaches orbit
true
starship will be an incredible enabler for science. full reusability &amp; high production rate drive several orders of magnitude improvement in $/kg to orbit &amp; beyond. next gen starlink constellation is primary user of this rocket, so science doesn’t need to cover fixed cost.
should be alexander, the greatest. after all, is there a better alexander?
hyperloop could do that trip in less than half an hour
looks like they’re fighting an actual fire demon!
to help mend the fault in our stars
it will be later this year when laser links activate on polar constellation
starlink is meant for peaceful use only
is it really true that four-year-olds are receiving hormone treatment?
technically true, but earth’s economy is extremely far from physical limits. energy is the foundation of the economy, but we’re using a very tiny amount of available energy, even if we only used pv.
beta expanding to safety scores above 80 after 10.69.2.1 goes out
10.69.2.1 coming out in a few days with additional polish, 10.69.3 comes out shortly after ai day
or their short shorts
salted butter is amazing, but should be stored at room temperature
drop 0.25%
exactly, this is neither subtle nor secret
layers upon layers of neural nets, ever higher
subtle 🤣
note, we are working on making the whistle sound much louder
but u have to pay in doge
blow the whistle!
true
could be worse
fair point
good thread
sounds pretty bad
please fix , ,
my tweets are being suppressed!
this says it all: “none of the members of the stripe chat who spoke with me said that they accepted payment or agreed to speak to the firms about zatko, and all said they wished to defend his credibility.”
anyone know who the secret clients are? let’s out them on twitter rn haha.
absolutely
true
i’m testing it today in palo alto
rome show is underappreciated
this was harder than reaching volume production, which was insanely hard
there is appetite for an infinite number of interesting tweets
take a moment to …
the residual value of gasoline cars bought today will be much lower than people think
supercharger centers with solar &amp; batteries are the long-term vision
won’t be long before we view gasoline cars the same way we view steam engines today
socrates can be a little boring tbh
our view of reality is always wrong, just a question of how wrong
i guess we could make joe mode quieter
still doing same thing, but bigger
looks good to roll out to all tesla owners with 10.12.2 (~100k cars)!
that is probably the right order of magnitude
real-world validation &amp; billions of miles of real-world training are what will make fsd superhuman
sigh
fsd beta 10.69.2 rolling out now. please note that top priority is safety, so expect it to be overly cautious, especially around pedestrians.
falcon arching to orbit
no obvious limit to rocket reflight so far
instagram is an envy amplifier
team found a bug causing an 8% delay in detecting pedestrians at &gt;50m. that’s been fixed, so rolling out tonight.
that’s pretty accurate
haha
astronomy too
internal beta rollout tonight, wider tomorrow
it’s coming!
take materials science 101. you won’t regret it.
please lmk when that happens
absolutely, the tesla fleet in australia is growing rapidly, so we do need to ramp up service in general
tesla north america aiming for &gt;50% same hour service
nice. i’m dressing up as a sink &amp; knocking on random doors. once they see me, they will have no choice but to let that sink in.
one of our most complex missions
bot block party
assuming 25% efficient pv cells at 0.8 surface coverage
exactly. ecosystem is almost entirely dependent on the sun already. civilization’s energy needs are absurdly tiny compared to what the sun sends us for free (~1 gwh/day/km^2).
yup, there’s a reason we do static fires! much better to break things on the ground than en route to orbit.
solar panels, ground mount &amp; rooftop, paired with stationary batteries, will be civilization’s primary source of energy, as sure as day follows night. mark these words.
i love the graffiti art at giga berlin!
so much empty land &amp; only a tiny percentage needed to power entire country!
it’s looking good so far
indeed
we’ve had some promising conversations with apple about starlink connectivity. iphone team is obv super smart. for sure, closing link from space to phone will work best if phone software &amp; hardware adapt to space-based signals vs starlink purely emulating cell tower.
note, i am putting a lot of time personally into advancing tesla service to make it awesome. hopefully, this is starting to be felt by tesla owners.
you’re right, we should credit tesla owners $100 if we change appointments with less than 24 hours notice. should be reciprocal.
lot of people still don’t realize tesla makes uninterruptible power supplies for your whole home (powerwall)
and remember 💕
this thread brings back a lot of memories
we have since improved it further
the primary solution to a sustainable energy future is solar/wind with batteries for when sun doesn’t shine or wind doesn’t blow, interconnected with conventional high voltage lines. no unknown technology is needed! hydro+geothermal+fission will also be non-trivial contributors.
fusion would be expensive energy, given difficulty of obtaining and transporting source fuel, plus maintaining the reactor. far better to use the sun – thermonuclear reactor with no need to refuel or service.
only 64 squares, no fog of war, no tech tree, only a few different pieces,no random spawn. chess is a simple game. i prefer polytopia.
interesting …
“that’s not punny!”
more solar + batteries needed. batteries are great at dealing with peak demand.
i accept 99% of cookies, but 💯 if choc chip
if twitter put as much effort into bot/spam removal as they do into subpoenas, we wouldn’t have this problem in the first place!
we have advised all potential witnesses to provide full cooperation to the court, but we do not control their actions
read the actual ruling. we had zero to do with david sack’s response. zero.
those who claim any criticism of rings of power means you’re racist are outing themselves as closet racists
peter jackson did excellent work with lord of the rings. the hobbit was stretched too long for a short book.
for now, supply is too low, but ordering a powerwall by itself should be possible end of year
cool
order a tesla powerwall battery for blackout protection!
and 90% of my comments are bots 🤖
almost every male character so far is a coward, a jerk or both. only galadriel is brave, smart and nice.
release of 10.69.2 probably end of week. needs a bit more polish.
tolkien is turning in his grave
10.69.2 has a relatively small number of code changes, but their practical effect will be significant
more starlinks reach orbit
it will probably help proportionate to the cost of raising children
important. south korea is currently tracking to lose about half its population roughly every generation. long lifespan hides the dire nature of the problem.
. invited me to open for one of his shows. thanks chris! i will try not to flounder too much.
yes, also very important
accurate assessment. raptor design started out using h2, but switched to ch4. latter is best combo of high efficiency &amp; ease of operation imo. delta-v difference between h2 &amp; ch4 is small for most missions, because ch4 tank is much smaller &amp; no insulation is needed.
moody’s is irrelevant
hope connor is ok!
on a $/bot basis, this deal is awesome
sure sounds higher than 5%!
i intend to do so as soon as possible
yeah, aiming for up to 100 flights next year
now launching every ~5 days
10.69.2 goes out to 100k owners next week
spent the day walking entire giga berlin production line – team is doing excellent work!
10.69.1 is even better. we reduced latency &amp; jitter in hardware command loop, so time from object detection to brake actuation is 10% to 20% better.
kickass internet connection coming royal caribbean ships soon!
it’s true
ancient times
it will grow by at least 5 to 10 meters over time
first few days, just 1k owners, but going to 10k if no major issues. note, 10.69.2, hopefully going out week after this, is the wide release beta.
good to ask yourself this often
agreed, we recently made this change &amp; many others. an intense effort is underway to achieve robust engine containment in case of rud to protect booster, other engines &amp; launch ring.
this will happen again – just a matter of time
godspeed artemis!
the swoop of the x is meant to represent the rocket’s arc to orbit
hopefully, this week
wise actions
diet coke is amazing
please share some things in this thread which are working for you in life &amp; that others may find helpful!
yeah, i lift a little …
over 20 lbs down from my (unhealthy) peak weight
from time to time, i will share some things that seem to be working for me, in case you find it helpful
the zero fasting app is quite good
on advice of a good friend, i’ve been fasting periodically &amp; feel healthier
yes, but i’ve done a lot with the place!
gnus news snooze
coming
ares
what do you call a great dane eating a small piece of ham in a tiny village? hamlet eating hamlet in a hamlet! (middle part credit to gam)
squeezing extra performance out of falcon 9 – almost at 17 metric tons to an actual useful orbit with booster &amp; fairing reusable!
maybe it’s times for new roman
getting to orbit &amp; back is harder than it may seem
the caffeine one is most troubling
some are indeed sadly anti-human
countries should be increasing nuclear power generation! it is insane from a national security standpoint &amp; bad for the environment to shut them down.
it is safe to say that our output will not exceed the mass of the known universe
similarly high cycle life with nickel cathode is possible if optimizing for that. adding silicon to (primarily carbon) anode, which improves energy density, reduces cycle life, due to large volumetric changes during charge/discharge.
true
that, plus pessimism about the future / false overpopulation fears
(and i do think global warming is a major risk)
mark these words
population collapse due to low birth rates is a much bigger risk to civilization than global warming
good summary
note, connectivity will be 2 to 4 mbits per cell zone, so will work great for texting &amp; voice calls, but not high bandwidth
starlink v2, launching next year, will transmit direct to mobile phones, eliminating dead zones worldwide
livestream of big news in about an hour
10.69.1 releases monday night. 10.69.2 about a week or so later – this will be the wide beta version.
ron barron is awesome
🦇 💩 crazy
i would gladly obey their commands, but i can’t tell what they’re saying!
i do not doubt that. criticism, public or private, is welcome after we go to wide beta. early beta has many known issues. the reason we release it to a limited number of cars is to discover unknown issues.
no. let me make something clear: james contacted me directly to be included in *early* beta, which is only ~1000 cars, mostly employees. early beta explicitly has issues or it would be rolled out widely, so publicly criticizing something he had asked for is wrong.
this is something special
the course of civilization is not always upward
true
mechazilla loads starship on launchpad
10.69 is in limited release for a reason. please do not ask to be included in early beta releases and then complain.
so spam prevalence *was* shared with the board, but the board chose not disclose that to the public …
important thread
in case anyone feels like buying a fine whistle …
yet another “verified”🤖
you’re waking up in the morning!?
neuralink progress update show &amp; tell on october 31 st (halloween)
2 main goals this year: - starship to orbit - fsd wide release many other things, of course, but those are the 2 giant kahunas. will require insane work by many super talented people, but, if anyone can do it, they can. it is an honor to work with such awesome human beings.
it is the fastest way to get between one downtown and another with known physics (and the standard model is proving quiet resilient)!
would be cool to do a (much simplified) hyperloop demo tunnel between maybe austin &amp; san antonio?
now tunnels are in active use in vegas. try it if you’re in town. will be expanding to connect all major destinations in vegas plus airport.
funny how there are often simultaneous reactions saying “it’s impossible” and “it was already done 3000 years ago”
glad it’s working out! thanks for giving us this tough case to solve. that’s what field testing is all about. this early version of 10.69 is being extra cautious, so waits for a moderately big gap in traffic to cross. upcoming releases will do better in heavy traffic.
just wanted to emphasize again that our awesome tesla software/ai team is who really deserves the credit. the talent level at tesla is incredible.
note, you can upgrade your existing car to fsd in 2 mins via the tesla app
after wide release of fsd beta 10.69.2, price of fsd will rise to $15k in north america on september 5th. current price will be honored for orders made before sept 5th, but delivered later.
fsd beta 10.69 started rolling out to tesla owners last night. this build is a big step forward! 10.69.1 probably end of week with wider release. 1069.2 in a few weeks should be good enough to provide to all fsd beta participants.
tesla autopilot/ai team did great work with 10.69! some point releases needed for polish, so 10.69.2 should really shine.
worth hearing about tesla autopilot software/ai progress
as mentioned previously, this is a major release, so we need to be cautious. goes out to ~1000 beta participants later today.
might need a new po box after tweeting this 🤣
nice letter from bill nix, who would’ve been my prof at stanford if i hadn’t put grad studies on (permanent) deferment
each fairing half is a fully capable reentry vehicle with its own thrusters, thermal protection, avionics &amp; sensor suite
free willy was never free 😢
still so grateful 🥹
there are many major code changes, so this will be an extra cautious rollout. releasing on 8/20 to ~1000 tesla owners, then 10.69.1 next week to accommodate feedback &amp; release to ~10k customers, then 10.69.2 week after &amp; release to rest of fsd beta.
entropy
those are the questions that twitter is doing everything possible to avoid answering …
modifying your car after delivery is legal in america, so yes 😀
that said, we will add autoconfigure to side mirrors
side mirrors cause ~5% range reduction at highway speed
yes, but side mirrors won’t be needed in a self-driving future
for some reason, i just agree with that guy so much!
🎶 this magic moment 🎶
*shall
being a mom is just as important as any career
highly recommend
mercury, the forbidden candy
almost all of earth’s energy comes from the sun already – we would be a dark iceball at near absolute zero if not for the sun. and essentially the entire ecosystem is solar-powered. civilization uses a tiny amount of energy by comparison. not hard to generate from wind/solar.
although, if it were any team, it would be man u. they were my fav team as a kid.
standup is my side-hustle
and i’m not buying coca-cola to put the cocaine back in, despite the extreme popularity of such a move
no, this is a long-running joke on twitter. i’m not buying any sports teams.
got to build those youtube subscriptions!
note, we are trying to reduce delivery times as quickly as possible. long wait times are not a good thing.
yeah, that’s what i mean
also, i’m buying manchester united ur welcome
the downside of elf ear surgery probably outweighs the upside
to be clear, i support the left half of the republican party and the right half of the democratic party!
reasonably accurate translation
🤣 ok we’ll turn it on
yes. tesla autopilot/ai team is doing amazing work! 10.69 will be worth its name.
strange that this receives very little attention in the media
400k from one border crossing in less than a year?
congrats giga shanghai on making millionth car! total teslas made now over 3m.
i hope there is a self-sustaining city on mars in 20 years!
just read the instructions
ahem
would be pretty wild if a “car company” made the most powerful supercomputer on earth …
we’ll phase in dojo. won’t need to buy as many incremental gpus next year.
waitlist is too long. will enable again as we ramp production.
adding the 13 inner engines
yikes
another orbital plane of polar satellites
there are no coincidences
it’s a sticky situation
they had a good run! humanity has a long way to go to equal their time on earth.
this will be mars one day
but have u seen my sex tape
about to attempt long duration engine firing to test autogenous pressurization
starship b7 static fire
true. i already get audited every year by default.
i think the approved language these days is “height-challenged sellers”
deep thot
thanks, but i already have one
because tesla doesn’t advertise and other car companies do
from real scam o’dowd
“the guardian” swallows scam video hook, line &amp; sinker!
8 years ago
coming soon. part 3 is about scaling sustainable energy at a civilizational level to enable a bright future for earth.
tesla 500 mile range semi truck starts shipping this year, cybertruck next year
wrote this 6 years ago
true
quite the day
yes. in the (hopefully unlikely) event that twitter forces this deal to close *and* some equity partners don’t come through, it is important to avoid an emergency sale of tesla stock.
tesla fremont team is kicking a**!
spacex falcon team is 🔥🔥🔥
happens to almost everyone
growing at 50%/year requires an insane amount of work, but is achievable with outstanding execution
maybe investment in automation?
seems high
this release will be big
twitter has spoken …
fsd beta 10.69 drops on 8/20
yeah, not cool
saxon james musk
less than 5% of twitter daily users are fake/spam
i hereby challenge to a public debate about the twitter bot percentage. let him prove to the public that twitter has &lt;5% fake or spam daily users!
so it seems
good question, why aren’t they?
somehow i have 54 followers
good summary of the problem. if twitter simply provides their method of sampling 100 accounts and how they’re confirmed to be real, the deal should proceed on original terms. however, if it turns out that their sec filings are materially false, then it should not.
i love the smell of hydraulic fluid in the morning
at launch pad
moving rocket to launch pad
hustling to get starship booster 7 back to pad to test outer ring of 20 engines
full send podcast
thank goodness for senator manchin
i had more kids in q2 than they made cars!
stone of destiny
was a fun hang
whiskey
yeah, pretty good. i like the name.
not true. tesla is 5 mins from austin international airport. would be silly to build another private airport, however the existing commercial airport needs another runway, as austin is growing fast!
cool
the ratio of digital to biological compute is growing fast. worth tracking.
a *successful* orbital flight is probably between 1 and 12 months from now
just came across this pretty good cnbc piece on spacex &amp; starship
that estimate seems high, but the point is valid
worth reading. this is a close match for my philosophy.
still time to vote!
x ❤️ doges
so much water under the bridge since then
yeah
maybe twitter can become that
it sure is hard to find a news source that’s accurate, relevant &amp; not totally depressing! old-school version of the economist &amp; jon stewart daily show / colbert report were great.
floki pic tomorrow
the media has strong negative bias &amp; are driven by clicks (they can’t help it). unfortunately, i generate lots of clicks. but these things move in cycles. when it starts boring readers to knock me down, they will build me up. this cycle has happened so many times …
if our reality is actually an alien soap opera, our ratings would be 🚀💥💫
maybe free some people in jail for weed here too?
good thread
sigh
off to the races set to harley quinn
we live in interesting times
tesla + twitter -&gt; twizzler
interaction with almost all twitter accounts seem to be much lower in recent weeks &amp; days. accurate?
saxon
based
friend made this for me 2 years ago
try voice command “open butthole” on your tesla
great style
good point. time to move on from hybrid cars. that was a phase.
10.13 is probably a week or so away, but yes. people outside of california will notice improvements the most.
we’re working super hard on 10.13, but it isn’t ready yet
wikipedia is losing its objectivity
i can’t say for sure that starship will reach escape velocity, but my hubris certainly has
we should thank farmers more
products that bring joy are rare
too early to say for sure
more tesla commodity prices are trending down than up fwiw
inflation might be trending down
thanks for your support over the years
much harder to make friends than enemies. my skill at the latter is improving.
sub lightspeed is all that’s needed to be interstellar. intergalactic is tough.
the media is a click-seeking machine dressed up as a truth-seeking machine
this is compatible with existing religions – surely god would want us to see creation?
a new philosophy of the future is needed. i believe it should be curiosity about the universe – expand humanity to become a multiplanet, then interstellar, species to see what’s out there.
a new philosophy of the future is needed
moreover, i talked to sergey yesterday and he says neither he nor anyone he knows has talked to wsj
as a “public person”, standard to win a defamation lawsuit against a news org is almost impossible. they could say i’m satan and the “source” is their psychic! nicole is not a public person, so could win. i hope she sues them. has done so many fake hit pieces.
seriously
business insider (trading) is not a real publication
yeah, but that was 8000 years ago
that would be nice
🤣🤣 exactly
weirdly, some publications still print millions of paper copies every day!
thanks jeff 💕
exactly
good point, will do
mostly just that the media is a click maximizing machine and a story involving me gets a lot of clicks
all teslas come with a free karaoke app
das baby would be a hit!
the media is a click-seeking machine dressed up as a truth-seeking machine
sure seems that way
the real problem here is that has zero journalistic integrity
a picture is worth 1000 tweets
yeah, that was sergey and me yesterday afternoon!
single-piece casting reduces weight, greatly simplifies factory, increases ride quality &amp; reduces road noise
good article
what video games have you enjoyed most over past year or two?
more evidence for the simulation
movie idea: boss baby meets das boot das baby – “hijinks on the high seas!”
lmaooo absolutely 🤣🤣
nope
call them out on it, i guess. wsj is supposed to have a high standard for journalism and, right now, they are way sub tabloid. wsj should be running stories that actually matter to their readers and have solid factual basis, not third-party random hearsay.
wsj has run so many bs hit pieces on me and tesla i’ve lost count! it’s embarrassing for them, frankly. they once wrote an article saying fbi was about to arrest me, so i called fbi to ask what’s up and they said wsj article was total bs. just more shortseller fud.
haven’t even had sex in ages (sigh)
yeah, the character assassination attacks have reached a new level this year, but the articles are all nothing-burgers. i work crazy hours, so there just isn’t much time for shenanigans. none of the key people involved in these alleged wrongdoings were even interviewed!
this is total bs. sergey and i are friends and were at a party together last night! i’ve only seen nicole twice in three years, both times with many other people around. nothing romantic.
ironic that disney would disparage an entire class of rodents when their main character is a rodent – jealous maybe?
the dark origin of the lemming mass suicide myth …
self-driving electric cars will be all that matters. gas car without autonomy will be like riding a horse &amp; using a flip phone. that still happens, but it’s niche.
software is the key to the future
falcon rising through fog
falcon over the moon
great thread
deep history memes rock
should be a major improvement with respect to complex left turns
maybe end of this week. team is working hard on it.
🤔 indeed
service turns on next month, which is same time required to deliver a user terminal, so order now at
excited to work with tesla service to enable same-hour service as often as possible! applying formula 1 pit crew techniques to teslas.
major volcanic eruptions are underappreciated as civilizational risks
tough times
starlink now available in 36 countries!
congrats to spacex team on record number of launches!
optimus primed
i’m rubber, they’re glue
interesting. smart move by china. expendable rockets have no future.
congrats on an incredible company with airbnb, now for book 2!
true
tbh, it’s good motivation to work out, eat healthier &amp; maybe take my shirt off outside more than once a year haha
16 years ago
upgrades!
sounds bad
is this the real life? is this just fantasy? caught in a landside, no escape from reality
haha true
earth is basically empty of humans
exactly
one of the best features of model x
teslas are the most made-in-usa vehicles
total scam
my calves are bigger tho
to think that fremont was just a derelict building &amp; giga nevada was just rocks &amp; bushes when started! california used to have a dozen car factories. nummi was last to close. now, tesla fremont is the biggest car factory in north america!
congrats to tesla fremont + giga nevada for making their 2 millionth car!
please vote your shares with tesla!
yeah
it’s a start. about 1000 times more mass to orbit per year will be needed to make life multiplanetary.
already did it
haha damn, maybe i should take off my shirt more often … free the nip!! (already back in the factory btw)
still needs a few tweaks
a classic 🤣
i remember the 70’s, which means i’m definitely not spring chicken
arguably, we know more than nothing. “death &amp; taxes are a certainty” – bf.
also worth getting a particle counter
it’s on the future product list. especially important in places like austin, which has next-level amounts of pollen in the air.
things will get wild when andromeda collides with our galaxy!
they should keep running
true. i have a co2 monitor on my desk. it beeps whenever ppm&gt;1000.
about twice as much useful mass to orbit as rest of earth combined
absolutely
more accurate word is “propellant”, rather than “fuel”. starship is ~78% liquid oxygen, ~22% fuel. propellant cost is of primary importance for a fully reusable rocket, so reusable rockets want high thrust, as thrust below t/w of 1 is irrelevant.
i use this example a lot
starlink bandwidth varies a lot, depending on user terminal density &amp; time of day. that’s why the long wait in some areas. throughput is roughly linear with total v1 satellites in operation. v2 satellites are at least 5 times better (conservative estimate) than v1.
starlink is a gamechanger for remote locations
global _______
cumulative tonnage to orbit this year is the right metric
write to the ! that would be great.
charlie ergen is trying steal the 12ghz band meant for space internet. not cool.
progress
we’re making progress with steam integration. demo probably next month.
it’s a flat trade
actually true. then i suggested to the team that it didn’t need to be quite so pointy, since that’s just based on a movie joke, but everyone likes it pointy, so we kept it that way.
😋 bagels
if inflation calms down, we can lower prices for cars
tesla is to protect life on earth, spacex to extend life beyond.
20 to 30 years from first human landing if launch rate growth is exponential. assumes transferring ~100k each rendezvous and ~1m total people needed.
mars may be a fixer upper of a planet, but it has great potential!
mars is, admittedly, a fixer upper of a planet
the scale is 🤯 &amp; anyone can visit!
i wonder if there is a species in the magellanic clouds wondering who lives in the big galaxy they orbit
some small tubes &amp; wiring need to be nested in a bigger tube for thermal protection, kinda like conduit in a house. engines themselves &amp; booster base are extremely robust. high strength stainless steel is bulletproof to a handgun at ~2.5mm thickness. booster dome is 4mm.
electric power for booster &amp; ship is needed even when engines aren’t running &amp; incremental power draw of tvc isn’t too bad. we have local supercaps on each engine to deal with power spikes.
enabling engines to take the heat without shrouds might save over 10 tons, all things considered. shrouds are also a risk in that fuel leaks could be contained by the shroud, forming a mox bomb. booster is purging all 33 engine shrouds in flight to prevent this.
all mass necessitated by an engine design should count as engine mass, eg shrouds, tvc hydraulic power or excess purge gas. raptors in production now have electric tvc, saving over a ton of hydraulics mass on booster.
dragon launching in 2 mins
most importantly, we need to delete or thermally protect remaining secondary structure, so we can remove shrouds
10.13 goes to internal beta tomorrow, external next week. should handle chuck’s complex left turn. beta v11 hopefully end of next month, which just amounts to incorporating highway. importance of “v11” has been reduced by all the 10.x releases. we’re already mostly at v11.
thanks for everything you have done for tesla! it has been an honor working with you.
absolutely. and lithium batteries are the new oil.
if testing goes well, as soon as next month
cool
gives whole new meaning to go pros!
imagine if msnbc did that
a+ for cinematography
ancient times
was just up in the booster propulsion section. damage appears to be minor, but we need to inspect all the engines. best to do this in the high bay.
starship launch site tonight
join our underground movement!
excited about potential!
lmaooo
oh the irony lol
no problem to recycle the 4680 pack. just think of any battery pack as super high grade ore – it is always better to start with high grade ore than low grade!
but fifth element was great
base of the vehicle seems ok by flashlight. i was just out there about an hour ago. we shut down the pad for the night for safety. will know more in the morning.
rereading the life of greece by durant. in recent months, read american caesar, masters of doom, not much of an engineer, wages of destruction and storm of steel. not much book fiction lately. video games seem to have better stories these days.
i do recommend a lot of books
and too many little red or green led indicators
youtube keeps playing me the same annoying scam ads every time i use it. the algorithm is convinced that i can “make money through audible” …
that is one of the things we will be doing going forward. this particular issue, however, was specific to the engine spin start test (raptor has a complex start sequence). going forward, we won’t do a spin start test with all 33 engines at once.
trump would be 82 at end of term, which is too old to be chief executive of anything, let alone the united states of america. if desantis runs against biden in 2024, then desantis will easily win – he doesn’t even need to campaign.
yeah, but too much drama. do we really want a bull in a china shop situation every single day!? also, i think the legal maximum age for start of presidential term should be 69.
i don’t hate the man, but it’s time for trump to hang up his hat &amp; sail into the sunset. dems should also call off the attack – don’t make it so that trump’s only way to survive is to regain the presidency.
tesla’s automatic cabin overheat protection should make a real difference with record heatwaves. ability to adjust activation temperature coming with next software release.
not true
cryogenic fuel is an added challenge, as it evaporates to create fuel-air explosion risk in a partially oxygen atmosphere like earth. that said, we have a lot of sensors to detect this. more later.
yeah, actually not good. team is assessing damage.
mimic + dark moon + stars of ruin
absolutely
good chance you’re experiencing at least mild acid reflux at night, affecting quality sleep without consciousness awareness
children are essential to the future
for improved quality of sleep, raise head of your bed by about 3” or 5cm and don’t eat 3 hours before bedtime
these polar launches will enable complete coverage of earth (where approved by local government)
chuckmate
hello???
future wars are all about the drones. human crews of planes or tanks have no chance. one exception: a purely analog, human-controlled vehicle is far more resilient to emf weapons.
whoever controls the teleprompter is the real president!
we know so little today. i want to know the meaning of life or whatever the right question is to ask, as douglas adams would put it. wait … are you guys related?
but sponges &amp; starfish obv can
consciousness can understand the nature of the universe. clams, not so much.
interesting. who is behind the bot attack?
kids are worth it if at all possible. i’m planning to increase childcare benefits at my companies significantly. hopefully, other companies do same. also, musk foundation plans to donate directly to families. hopefully, details to be announced next month.
agreed, this needs to be addressed
the world has gone mad
terrible news
great!
that is indeed the real question
i had same great experience from tokyo to osaka
china &amp; japan have awesome trains. took bullet train from beijing to xi’an to see terracotta army of 秦始皇.
super fired up for future product development with our awesome tesla team! such an honor to work with them.
also, being ruggedized for relentless salt spray &amp; extreme winds &amp; storms in deep ocean is not easy
no, it’s dual, high performance terminals, which are important for maintaining the connection in choppy seas &amp; heavy storms. still obv premium pricing, but way cheaper &amp; faster than alternatives. spacex was paying $150k/month for a much worse connection to our ships!
a flying, electric boat would be sickkk
starlink for boats!
not bad! it is high time that the future looked like the future. same goes for fashion.
pretty much. a van would have more roof height, so you could stand or sit under it for shade.
maybe with an optional solar power canopy that extends both sides of the van, tripling roof area
exactly
maybe tesla should make a highly configurable robovan for people &amp; cargo?
far too many people are under the illusion that earth is overpopulated, even though birth rate trends are so obviously headed to population collapse
i hope you have big families and congrats to those who already do!
population of mars is still zero people!
mark my words, they are sadly true
doing my best to help the underpopulation crisis. a collapsing birth rate is the biggest danger civilization faces by far.
“wait a minute, doc. are you telling me you built a time machine...out of a delorean?” – back to the future
highly recommend revolutions by mike duncan, especially season 10
the world is actually vastly better than orwell imagined, but there is also vastly more surveillance
troubling …
supporting doge wherever possible
moon brought us together in ‘69, mars can do that in the future
without a common goal, humanity will fight itself
exactly
can you say more about this: “… pressures that the government may have placed on twitter …”
humanity will reach mars in your lifetime
flatulence earther
maybe later this year
zip around vegas super fast with teslas in tunnels!
i find the gold toe sock – inevitably off kilter &amp; washed out – a little troubling esthetically &amp; arguably a bit corpo
sock con, the conference for socks
always something new for the magazine cover and the articles practically write themselves
this guy gets it
sock tech is so advanced that you can get pretty much anything in sock form these days!
i must confess to a penchant for creative socks
it’s time
his success was in fact due, in part, because he was super fun at parties, spoke and wrote incredibly well!
while bleak posts maybe generate more clicks, more happier moments in history would be nice
there is so much actual matrix math in ai! the compute power is still overwhelmingly dot products!
yeah, they’re going way too far in squashing dissenting opinions
i’m pro-nuclear, but chart is overly weighted towards it and significantly overstates the mining required for solar. take it with a big grain of salt.
the 3am oil is being burned to get this out.
i knew it!
good
elvis is just elvish without an h
happy july 4th!
great work!
my suit is tragic
talulah designed that dress herself and much of my 40th birthday party. she is a party genius. ♥️
honored to meet yesterday
venice, a site of great remembrance
feeling … perhaps … a little bored?
wise words from sjm
death valley restored to position of world's hottest place
ca's death valley is again! tesla hot weather testing was done there. model s was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
v cute! merry xmas.
cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
single camera view of the 40 meter rocket hover
then we took him for a ride: 40 meter hover flight vid of the spacex grasshopper test rocket
to provide a little perspective on the size of grasshopper, we added a 6 ft cowboy to the rocket
very much agree with this great review of chasing ice on ars technica
thanks! “: have driven a tesla model s 50 miles now. it's clearly the iphone of cars—by far the best car ever made."
good piece on volcanoes “: the usgs would seem to disagree.
roughly equivalent to a 747 flight from la to london (one way).
that's why i'm a believer in solar power. we have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
exactly mt " imho: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea.”
it is hard to argue with a thermometer. global warming is real and accelerating. wish it wasn't.
cool video recap of the big events of the year by google
relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max isp.
yup or douglas aircraft, creator of the awesome dc-3
my big worry would be long (hopefully) term when i'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great hp
spacex will go public at some point, as i think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public " will spacex go public?"
best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
tesla articles 30 mins apart: "this stock is screaming buy" and "this stock could get destroyed"
tesla was just approved for a full class 1 massachusetts auto sales license by a vote of 4 to 1. much appreciated!
told my kids (age 8 and 6) that we were going to see the nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the buttcracker.
congrats to for being the first to drive a tesla model s over 400 miles on a single charge!
interesting possible answer to the fermi paradox
am happy to report that tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. continued improvement expected through year end.
uranium ore now available on amazon! so much more convenient than uzbekistan
thanks shervin!
can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
but if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to mars.
and, yes, i do in fact know that this sounds crazy. that is not lost on me. nor i do think spacex will do this alone.
millions of people needed for mars colony, so 80k+ would just be the number moving to mars per year
short vid of the recent mission to the intl space station
ss heart of gold powered by the infinite improbability drive!
my talk for the royal aeronautical society is now online. this gets a little more technical.
liam neeson's "life's too short" sketch is super funny
on the plus side...“: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
gave a talk on energy and transport at oxford univ
exactly!
love this picture of the curiousity rover on mars. landscape looks just like the california desert.
btw, i don't think apple is doomed. just won't unseat google from 1st place with larry p in charge.
mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little tesla store. yay, justice prevails!
these articles in space news describe why ariane 6 vs 5: and
was misquoted by bbc as saying "europe's rocket has no chance". just said the [franco-german] ariane 5 has no chance, so go with ariane 6.
just returned from a trip to london and oxford, where i met with many interesting people. i really like britain!
original article on model s from :
sounds like consumer reports had a good experience with the tesla model s
cool story about a installation after hurricane sandy. good going, guys!
alexander hamilton was awesome
view of grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. note suv and person nearby for sense of size.
good skit by henri, le chat noir. camus in cat form!
engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
first flight of 10 story tall grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
reply to : our avg speed was ummm a little too high. got a ticket at 92 mph on i-5. we need the autobahn in ca!
v proud of tesla team for completing 1000th model s body. more cars made this month than entire rest of year
reply to : yes, model s seats 5 adults + 2 kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. my kids love the rear facing seats best.
pic of the model s getting supercharged with the lovely
doing la to sf road trip in model s with all 5 kids &amp; talulah. supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
just wrote a blog piece about tesla stores
long exposure shot of dragon and the space station arcing across the night sky over texas
falcon 9 rocket booster has delivered dragon to its target orbit!
time lapse video of rocket roll out now 3 hours 45 mins to lift off...
an update about tesla
sorry, meant to say edt.
launching our falcon 9 rocket and dragon spacecraft to the space station on sunday at 8:35pm est!
review of the model s by
view from landing leg camera on falcon rocket test rig (aka grasshopper project)
now test firing our most advanced engine, the merlin 1d-vac, at 80 tons of thrust.
the tesla supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
model s review by . totally agree with criticisms. corrections coming soon.
first test flight hop of our grasshopper vtvl rocket!
tesla made 100 vehicle bodies this week for the first time. really proud of the team! pic of s/n 396:
tesla supercharger unveiling event set for sept 24. it will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
amazing series of space pics assembled by
tesla model s driven 285 miles from vegas to the beach in la on a single charge by
this piece about mars in the nyt is worth a read
extending life to mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
back of the envelope calc: merlin wd accelerate model s at 25 g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
for their test drive, the motor trend team drove from la to san diego and back without recharging
motor trend tests model s as fastest american sedan at 3.9 sec 0-60 mph and tied for 1st worldwide in stopping distance
neil armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. his spirit will carry us to the stars.
i love the sight of teslas in the morning. production line review is looking good!
glad to contribute to the tesla museum and will do more in the future. he was a great man.
v important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the american taxpayer
sure. to be clear that number would include all us solar energy (thermal+pv).
1st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! predict 1st terawatt hour day from all us solar &lt; 15 years.
i'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. just don't like group think. ideas should be considered on their own merits.
individuals set the vector for the tides. the life of brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
people ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). it probably wasn't them.
don't know about "dark manipulators", but adbusters played a major role in creating occupy
would love to make a tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. that'd be sweet...
good assessment of the dark knight rises in the atlantic. dickens, not rand.
goal for model s is to show that electric is way way better than gas. combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
worth noting that muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by koch. fate loves irony.
olympics opening is excellently british. jolly good show!
abandoned car and biked across london. super fun! next time minus the tweed jacket.
yes, my absolute goal w tesla has always been mass market electric cars. will finally get there with gen3 program.
now it's just a song that you used to know
biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. just need to cover future downside risk.
asimov's foundation points out that all civilizations fall. must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have 1 atmosphere:
30 years ago, when 98% of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still "scientists disagree"
now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
heard an interesting comment at the debate: "if we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."
am in yellowstone at an oxford style debate about women and society. i'm in favor :)
"welcome qwerty monkey jesus love" are the top 5 most popular passwords after "password".
will publish something on the hyperloop in about four weeks. will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. not a vac tunnel btw.
"most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. the 2 exceptions are childhood and when we are in love." - rg
headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. since i didn't finish my phd, it's actually "mr." evil.
i think we will see people on mars in less than 20 years. 12 to 15 years most likely.
going at full speed! mt “: elon- you are my hero my friend.please!ramp up production on cars that use no gas."
now back to work. intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
am standing on the beach in maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. incredibly beautiful.
after 2008 meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but spacex &amp; tesla are now strong enough that i can make it real (yay!!)
screening of baseball in the time of cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at wme july 12. hosting
thanks dan, you are a good sportsman. i will still donate to dwb as though i'd lost.
"the girl who fixed the umlaut"
she was a great woman “: in memoriam, nora ephron, 1941-2012
meant to post this link for merlin:
merlin fired at full thrust! engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several hoover dams
model s review by motor trend
about to deliver the first ten model s cars from !
dragon will use four pairs of side mounted superdraco engines. can function with up to four out.
wore marquis de sade outfit for a party last night. was v popular with women who'd read 50 shades :)
"any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic" - arthur c clarke. thanks for the quote, rip.
while in austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, machete kills. cool studio on old airport.
charlie bolden, nasa administrator, checks out dragon at our central texas test site
spacecraft arrives at port of los angeles for transfer to spacex test facilities in texas
dragon floating in the pacific near california. reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
splashdown successful!! sending fast boat to dragon lat/long provided by p3 tracking planes
thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. next version will land w helicopter precision
space station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
dragon captured by the international space station! just awesome ...
dragon flies over the spacex at our central texas test site. it will jump soon.
the head of the russian space agency and some russian diplomats are visiting today. looking forward to meeting.
about 110 miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the space station
the president just called to say congrats. caller id was blocked, so at first i thought it was a telemarketer :)
dragon fly by of space station planned for 12:47 am california time. all systems green.
launch video of falcon 9 from cape canaveral tracking cameras
navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. yes!
dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. so much nicer than hal9000 :)
also big thanks to the air force, faa and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
falcon flew perfectly!! dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! feels like a giant weight just came off my back :)
t minus 60 seconds. terminal autosequence initiated.
t minus 10 minutes ... entering terminal count
major tesla milestone: all crash testing is complete for 5* (max) safety rating. cars can now be built for sale to public!
just did an interview with spaceflight now. some of your questions may be answered here:
simulations show launch ok with bad valve. still, better to stop &amp; fix. recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine 5. will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
must remember not to refer to chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable mars transport system
landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen falcon). first hops soon.
meant to say: prizes for first 10 who do 400 miles in tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers :)
model s exceeds 300 mile range target! prize for the 1st person to do la-sf nonstop (400 miles)
saw the dictator yesterday. reminded me of putin's reelection. seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
dragon code is written in c++ on linux.
almost done reviewing dragon code with . looks good so far. target launch date is may 19, right after soyuz docks.
for humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to earth forever.
definitely. long term goal of spacex making life multiplanetary.
ignition by john clarke, huzel &amp; wang book on propulsion, asimov's foundation, heinlein's miahm
woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. anomaly addressed. cycling systems to countdown
am excited to announce that solarcity has filed for an ipo. mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
just confirmed with that may 7th is go for launch of falcon 9 &amp; dragon to the space station
am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on dragon docking code. new date pending coordination with .
just completed the rocket rollout review at spacex hq in california. almost time to launch. pucker factor increasing...
in nyc for the premiere of baseball in the time of . great work by and !
basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
just signed giving pledge with 11 others. i hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
when holding my new white cat, i feel a strange desire for bob's big boy and sharks with lasers
great work by apj “: the foundation is nearly complete at the school
great to meet jon stewart this eve. have been a fan of for a billion years.
friend told me about the amazing work of brazilian plastic surgeon evil picante. he was actually saying ivo pitanguy.
besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
interview in nature describing why we should extend life to mars
wow, a tesla owner in europe just passed 200,000 km while racing his roadster!
judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of "happy meal"
huge tornadoes in texas tossing truck trailers through the air. hope people are ok.
also dig mass effect. it's all fun & games until the ai decides people suck. maybe we can be their limbic system.
bioshock is an ayn rand dystopia and fallout new vegas is a hegelian dialectic. games have come a long way since pong.
un must take responsibility & help people of haiti. mt ": front page nytimes.
having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
happy bday to my old and dear friend ! u do parties better than a rockstar. for berlin ...
the model s beta endurance car just passed 150,000 miles on a single battery pack!
interesting interview with vinge about superhuman ai and optimistic apocalypses
support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. let it live!
lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
10 years ago today, spacex was founded. many battles fought. physics always won.
why i'm leaving the empire, by darth vader
if something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
i think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
just passed a place called the sugar shack in a louisiana swamp. i wonder what happens there?
the president of serbia came by our booth at the geneva motor show and talked about nikola tesla
dawn at cape canaveral
studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at spacex.
falcon 9 and dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by 300 ft tall lightning towers
yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the space station. t zero ~ end of april.
dragon spaceship and falcon 9 rocket just completed final assembly at cape canaveral
supporting the drive to get a for the new horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called "frodo". watch out for gollum! my precious...
important point highlighted by : an electric car in california produces only 1/4 co2 of gasoline
model x review by jim motavalli. i think he likes the car.
at the samovar having tea called "monkey picked iron goddess of mercy". those monkeys sure know their tea.
do not search for purple squirrels! giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
tesla model x is 3rd most searched term on google, right after purple squirrel. damn you squirrel!
don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the x with the falcon wing doors
model x sketch showing just a bit more leg. unveiling tonight...
cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called x-class. am not making this up!
russia and china are blocking un action. can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
wish there was something we could do to help the people of syria.
yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the model x -- almost identical to production.
the sheer size of falcon heavy is mind-blowing. it could literally send a fully loaded london bus to the moon.
the london sunday times created a chart showing how falcon compares to the saturn v and shuttle
just posted a photo
yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. you see what we see.
docking with space station now likely to happen in april. hopefully will look something like this:
the most interesting view of the model x is really with the doors open
just test-fired the superdraco rocket engine. enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. spacex.com
um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the spacex theme song. it seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
the spacex theme song by total ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
the lady doth protest too little.
the model x unveiling will be webcast live on at 8pm on feb 9th. most cars are pretty blah. this is not.
beautiful picture of earth from the new nasa satellite
design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. yay. wings r just dead weight in space.
strongest solar radiation storm in 7 years is blasting earth. this huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
i heard lars von trier optioned the movie rights
that said, even though they cause me grief, i would defend the right of shorts to exist. they are often unreasonably maligned.
that's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
will communicate better in the future. too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against tesla.
tsla down ~$500m friday, but back up ~$500m today. sorry for the roller coaster.
somebody needs to tell kim jong-un that the showbiz phrase "break a leg" doesn't mean what he thinks it does
once more, with feeling! "north korea punishes insincere mourners"
a tesla roadster just passed the 100,000 mile mark for the first time and still has over 200 miles of range.
what is more magical than cowboys herding cats? livin' the dream...
kids these days are so grown up! rt "second-graders wow audience with school production of equus"
model s performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. 4.4 sec 0-60 mph will not be a problem.
the exec conf room at tesla used to be called denali, but i decided to move a few letters around. seemed more apt :)
model s signature series sold out as of today
next month is also when our dragon spaceship docks with the space station for the first time. major pucker factor...
feb is huge month. model x world premier and public reveal of our la design studio on the 9th. stay tuned for more details.
just finished massie's book on catherine. an amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. highly recommend.
respectfully disagree. larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for g+ to kick butt in 2012. he's a stud.
what everyone really thinks ... rt “: if mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be mayans.”
on a lighter note, the rhcp are f* awesome. no better way to bring in the new year...
i said *information* weapons for a reason. the bit is mightier than the bomb.
if we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. fate has a great sense of irony.
we built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
however, china's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. they can't hide it for much longer.
yeah, 2012 will be great for the american economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
my first prediction of 2012 has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
world violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. that's because modern media is a misery microscope.
here's a happy thought for 2012: world violence is at an all time historical low. excellent piece by stephen pinker
hacked my tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
not that this really matters. all current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
china unveils ambitious space strategy
to be clear, ctg absolutely did *not* bang her horse. they were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
right mood, scented candles, barry white singing "can't get enough of your love, baby" and the magic (by that i mean horsef*ing) happens ...
i'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment :)
sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
am reading robert massie's book on catherine the great. yeah, i know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
interesting economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the anthropocene.
cool personal essay. it really resonated with me, as i felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
liked "screw business as usual" a lot. this approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move.
just returned from haiti. for those who want to help, i recommend donating to msf, unicef and artists for peace & justice.
so true :)
if you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best onion article ever)
walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from apj and others
met with unicef, doctors without borders and artists for peace & justice. i support them and would recommend others do too.
just returned from a trip to haiti. covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. they need a lot of help.
single character tweets are the ulitmate extension of the twitmeme...
the russians are having some challenges with their rockets. too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
we had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. he has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
kanye stopped by the spacex rocket factory today.
model s options are out! performance in red and black for me. i will deliver my car in june/july.
hi, i'm art garfunkel. have you heard the sound of silence? because, you know, it makes a sound...
raul campos invited me to do a guest dj gig on kcrw. hear my random holiday season music selections at
yum! even better than deep fried butter:
yeah, this really is me, as my mom will attest. not sure i can handle just doing 140 char missives. will put longer thoughts on g+
got called randomly by kanye west today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to moses. he was polite, but opaque.
his singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: south park sequel coming soon...
why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader kim il sung's death? fear of being shot may play a role:
sam harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of hitchens: may the good man rip.
read "lying", the new book by my friend sam harris. excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!
am reading a great biography of ben franklin by isaacson. highly recommended.
that was a total non sequitur btw
great voltaire quote, arguably better than twain. hearing news of his own death, voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
i made the volume on the model s go to 11. now i just need to work in a miniature stonehenge...
went to iceland on sat to ride bumper cars on ice! no, not the country, vlad's rink in van nuys. awesome family fun :)
please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me :) this is actually me.
america is the central pillar of civilization
wow, thanks piers
yeah
yes. aiming for truth with least error is inherently based.
true
lotr has no equal
mars is the new world
it is because you are the media now. legacy media is too slow &amp; too biased.
we probably get to zero refurbishment next year
true
post your own material. authenticity is far better than fake “perfection”.
yeah
concerning
for now
that is the right question to ask
incredible artist
compelling idea
and they should be released immediately upon signing of the pardons! no lengthy paperwork delays are acceptable.
civilizations either expand or they die. i prefer the former.
i have been against a tiktok ban for a long time, because it goes against freedom of speech. that said, the current situation where tiktok is allowed to operate in america, but 𝕏 is not allowed to operate in china is unbalanced. something needs to change.
it’s way better just to talk to the public directly than go through the negativity filter of legacy media
solving overspending will solve inflation
11 years ago
the vibe shift is real 😂
starship is the first ever rocket design capable of making life multiplanetary. becoming multiplanetary is a milestone that, if achieved, would fit in the top 10 biggest events in the evolution of life. and it would greatly extend the lifespan of civilization, enabling a far
always look on the bright side of life! we live on the most interesting timeline.
british justice is broken
true
i’m not buying or building a home anywhere
yes we are
we’re looking into it
interesting
nice shot
good idea
thanks
what kind of back pain?
it must stress the ai out so much that it isn’t allowed to reverse yet! it will soon though.
i lost my last bit of respect for obama when he repeated the “fine people” hoax in a speech right before the election
maduro is hurting the people of venezuela, just like his predecessor
as i said a few years ago, biden was not in charge. whoever controlled his teleprompter was.
they are importing voters
that should be discoverable in text messages
try posting more interesting material
that would work pretty much every time fwiw
interesting
slow motion catch of the most massive flying object ever made
accurate
33 -&gt; 13 -&gt; 3 it will be very difficult to get raptor to 300 tons of thrust, but … not impossible
the bs below is what normally happens. not this time.
so many people in europe lack hope for the future or think europe is “bad” in some way. pervasive pessimism. this will lead to the end of europe. therefore, it must change.
from maga to mega: make europe great again!
if we stop having baby humans, there will be no more humanity
this is real
accurate observation
she needs to go
is anything inaccurate about this post?
that guy was bad news
they are importing future voters
turns out that nobody knows how the government works, including the government
my goal is to fix government it! this is harder than getting a rocket to orbit. actually.
i am good at tech support
that’s what he said out of nowhere! truth from the mouth of babes.
true
it’s uncanny
true
try our underground tunnels in vegas. way better than being stuck in surface traffic!
starlink now available in 120 countries
i have never fired someone for taking a picture of me
the mayor of la prioritizes politics over helping people …
wow, that’s a lot of ships!
amazing!
it will even do your laundry when optimus is available!
many lessons to be learned
exactly
true!
no-brainer
you are absolutely correct: when taking future federal obligations into account, the situation is far worse.
33 raptor engines with enough thrust to lift a skyscraper off its foundations
great one 😂
major and immediate action is needed to prevent america from going bankrupt
to reiterate, the legacy news headlines are false. this fire has nothing to do with tesla and our megapacks are operating well.
we’ve come a long way
the booster flight was a success, the ship flight was 1/4 successful, hence cup being ~5/8 full. new ship forward flaps, higher thrust engines and tile adherence on ascent were tested. improved heat shield performance was the only major thing that wasn’t tested, along with the
it’s harder than it looks
cool
a 12-year-old script kiddie could hack into yellen’s computer. i doubt she knows how to reboot her wifi router.
now will do this with government
depends on country, but probably more ww1 than ww2
you can see the much higher propellant mass fraction of the new ship design by the percentage of rocket that is frosty
i’m not saying money was spent well, but even if they had increased the budget, the outcome would have been roughly the same. there need to be fire breaks, brush clears and full reservoirs for this to work.
wow, that’s a cool lightning animation
still? wow
it will become as routine as falcon rocket landings
it’s a no-brainer
indeed
that is rough
future ai will be impressed that no ai was used for this
true
a common story
true
interesting
reminds me of mass effect
and he plays my character too. very talented man.
atmospheric reentry speed is more than twice as fast as a bullet from an assault rifle and this is the largest flying object ever made
there were server issues at our atlanta data center
bureaucratic entropy is the single biggest factor imo
they’re going where lies are not challenged
accurate
slavery was almost everywhere and still exists in some parts of the world
starship is the first rocket design where success in making life multiplanetary is in the set of possible outcomes
seems like i should explain what the gameplan is for getting to mars in more detail. any individual launch is not very important. what matters is the expected date when mars becomes a self-sustaining civilization.
the release notes are longer than lotr 😂
thanks 🚀✨
maybe she clicked on the “send me 1 btc, i send you 2btc” email 😂
preliminary indication is that we had an oxygen/fuel leak in the cavity above the ship engine firewall that was large enough to build pressure in excess of the vent capacity. apart from obviously double-checking for leaks, we will add fire suppression to that volume and
starship super heavy booster is already back in its launch mount
entitlements fraud is &gt;10%, maybe &gt;20%
true
improved versions of the ship &amp; booster already waiting for launch 🚀
success is uncertain, but entertainment is guaranteed! ✨
we caught the rocket!! 🚀
launch in 5 minutes
love you bro
there is a lot of interesting technical info in the webcast. you can rewind the livecast and watch at 2x speed to catch up.
not far wrong
indeed
that would greatly improve corporate america!
starship flight 7 launches in 2 hours
wow. must’ve felt like missing limb syndrome.
that’s what decades of propaganda leads to
the new york times is evil propaganda
sooo good
sick burn by bessent 🔥🔥🤣🤣
actual footage of &amp; at the catalina wine mixer
wow, a lot has happened in 21 years!
i did not have any interaction with iran. just recommended support from the us side.
i played a small role
flagged?
step brothers is the perfect meme for &amp; me 🤣🤣
perfect meme
since sam harris now puts me in the same camp as , he can, by his own admitted pseudo-morality, justify any half-truth or lie about me
haha sick burn 🤣🤣
earth sure owes earth a lot of money 😂
much appreciated!
can you post the steps to help others create useful apps?
this is a step in the right direction, but the results will speak for themselves
platform manipulation that degrades the experience for other users is not ok
really?
very sensible words from scott bessent
good question 🤷‍♂️
well done!
the full truth is horrific
and people will say this is ai 😂
unconscionable that 145 elected representatives voted against deporting illegal migrant rapists!
every starship launch is one more step towards mars
true
helping drive from the senate side would be very helpful
i mean other ace of spades 🤣🤣
is there any recorded case of someone coming back from stage 5 tds? 🤣🤣
i hope this is a proper investigation
if there is any possibility that this was murder (and the evidence is at best unclear), then it deserves a full investigation!
tds broke his brain in 2016. i would love to have 2015 sam harris back again.
good idea
0% this is child abuse
the state of legacy media …
hopefully, the same today!
he says this crazy conspiracy theory with a glee that suggests zero empathy. something rotten in his brain.
thanks to great work by the team and support from many others, which is much appreciated!
good hope for the future of humanity in space!
soros has done so much to undermine the foundations of civilization. terrible. and biden just gave him the presidential medal of freedom.
is this definitely true? sounds crazy if so.
they should put this next to the definition of hypocrisy in the dictionary!
this sounds crazy
yeah
please tell me that’s a (bad) joke and he didn’t actually say that in his book
literally 😂
well done, , and the blue origin team!
definitely
indeed, well done and the blue origin team!
same
like a stage 5 clinger
sam harris simultaneously advocates telling horrible lies to prevent the public from voting with accurate facts, but also writes a book about how lying is the worst thing ever and we should never do it! hypocrisy personified.
there are still people like sam harris who think that any lie, no mattter how depraved, is justified to prevent from being democratically elected or, if elected, to remove from office. is tds curable or does the brain turn into irreparable melted goo?
beautiful
cool
absolutely
way more receipts where that came from 😂
extremely concerning
looting is not normally considered a felony?
great idea
congratulations on reaching orbit on the first attempt!
they are helping and will help millions of people
awesome
[keeps going] as the sun sets behind our restored crenellations (the restoration supervised by three different historical preservation consultants), i can't help but feel that musk could learn much from my own example of modest, understated wealth. now, if you'll excuse me, our
[continued] the depth of musk's brand erosion among ordinary britons was driven home to me during a recent conversation with our falconer (who, despite his modest profession, holds two advanced degrees in medieval history). he compared musk to a "bloody tosser," which i'm told
wow, i can’t believe paul g wrote this hit piece about me! how will i ever recover? 😢 brand erosion at dawn: observing musk's uk reputational collapse from my norman keep as i gaze across the morning mist settling over our estate's organic sheep meadow (sustainably grazed,
amen
true
seriously
true
oh please. you live in an aristocratic country house in the english countryside. your kids go to an elite private day school and you sit at home all day on the internet. mr. paul graham hasn’t run into an ordinary person in years. 🤣
this is cool
that will definitely happen
the hearings are performative, not inquisitive
what does it take for someone to actually be imprisoned?
you are the media now
impressive
gavin newsom is a scumbag
i love my chinese alter-ego 😂
this is a dicey test, as the starlink antenna is partially obscured by trees, so latency &amp; jitters will be higher, as the terminal tries to connect with satellites further away that are not obscured
testing starlink streaming from mar-a-lago
pam bondi is an excellent choice for ag. someone who truly cares about justice.
this is the way
they’re running out of room to imprison people for social media posting
what!?
video games are meant for you to be immersed in an exciting and creative alternative reality and have fun with friends. adding present-day political bullshit kills the vibe.
try grok. it’s lightning fast and better. just tap the xai/grok button on the bottom of your x icon bar or download the dedicated app.
um no, cyanide and arsenic are poisons, whereas sugar is edible. you don’t see a pile of bodies outside a candy store lmao. that said, sugar should only be eaten occasionally and in small quantities.
hello, earth calling paul? are you there?
don’t be a retard who believes bogus polls
if you’re a hardcore software engineer and want to build the everything app, please join us by sending your best work to code.com. we don’t care where you went to school or even whether you went to school or what “big name” company you worked at. just show us your code.
um, , what is this?
the only reason to ban voter id is to commit voting fraud. some playbook there as here.
obviously, those are aspirations, not predictions. will be happy if even some of them succeed.
yeah
thank you, glad to be of service! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
is this true ?
more things on my plate now, but that’s still pretty much true. i do play video games as my one recreational activity to quiet my mind. some days are real tough, so playing video games is my strange solace.
another reason why citizen journalism is so critically important. you, the people, must be the media, as it is the only way for your fellow citizens to know the truth.
absurd and unacceptable behavior
the labour minister for child welfare shields the predators and their anti-corruption minister is corrupt 🤨
lawfare needs to stop. instead of fighting real crime, under the democrats, citizens are prosecuted, while serious criminals run free. in fact many of the criminals are in the government. at least for another 5 days.
all this will do is lower the values of people’s damaged homes and properties. he’s treating the homeowners like they’re too dumb to make their own decisions.
yes. count on it.
you are the media now. this is an incredibly profound change.
absolutely
something like that 🤭
we need to change the system
try using from to ask any question, generate any image or analyze any picture! no other ai is more up-to-date or truthful. just tap on the xai/grok button on the bottom 𝕏 icon bar for instant access. to upload images, tap the + to the left of the query entry bar.
oh the irony 😂
america has indeed had enough
over 100 satellites launched!
🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀 btw, the team is still grinding hard, even at this hour.
good
absolutely
exactly
gensler belongs in prison for the steele dossier
last gasp of biden lawfare
that would be great
same 😂
much appreciated, !
absolutely
it is the only way
no more double standards!
true
obviously
thank you
true
definitely
the inventor of diet coke is a genius
that is exactly the goal
this is so messed up
trump is a good guy. the media is evil.
congrats!
totally broken organization. they spend their time on shit like this when there are so many actual crimes that go unpunished.
exactly (groan)
starship flight 7 launches tomorrow, provided weather is good
honored
looking forward to it
i pass the butter
kids are awesome. nothing will make you happier.
cool
seriously
cool
these guys are cool
great movie, but yeah, an updated remake would be cool
groan
support pete hegseth!
cool
good
sounds promising
i don’t read the legacy media anymore. if it’s not on 𝕏, it can’t be very important.
makes sense to me
they were (rightfully) skeptical 14 years ago
1fa ftw
i’m confident that this is possible long-term
spacex team helping the turtles
hear we go again (sigh)
they are rightfully demanding change
the american people have had enough
powerful words
good question. only one i’m aware of who even came close was , although that was aimed at hollywood.
slow strangulation by overregulation
absolutely
interesting
true
the massive federal bureaucracy, an unconstitutional 4th branch of government, will do everything possible to thwart the will of the people!
sigh
absolutely
interesting thread
the vastness of the cosmos
it’s a good sign that people can insult me at will on my own platform, as it means freedom of speech is real. sometimes people confuse freedom of speech with demanding that i also pay them to insult me, which is not the same thing 😂
just wanted to express appreciation for president and so many people, both inside &amp; outside of government, supporting . i am confident that the american people will be happy with the outcome.
this is what exponential improvement looks like
common sense
the pressure will keep building. the british public deserve answers, not cover-ups!
absolutely
good for him
horrific
truly astounding
so sour 😂
their silence is deafening
cool
i think we should applaud this change of opinion and admission of error. admitting mistakes is a good thing in my book. everyone makes mistakes (i have made many). what matters is taking corrective action for the future.
good for them
madness
terrible
maybe he got one-shotted by the 6d mesoamerican ayahuasca demon 😂
this tds hypocrite had the nerve to write a book about how lying is evil and then say that any lie was acceptable to ensure didn’t get elected!
you are the media now
that would be good
it’s hard to know what’s really going on!
the devastation is unreal
good luck!
you’ve done great!
he sent operatives to america to undermine the us election!
sorry i messed up the video! i look very silly 🤦‍♂️.
competition to serve the people is what results in the best products &amp; services. government is the biggest corporation &amp; has a monopoly on violence. how much power do you want it to have?
cellular networks &amp; electrical power are currently down in most of malibu and the palisades
yeah, dead giveaway that things are broken
❤️❤️ firefighters of the world ❤️❤️
this is crazy
taxpayer money should not be used to fund propaganda
they haven’t thought that far
true
tesla &amp; spacex personnel are driving around areas in greater la/malibu that are in tough shape with free wifi, drinks &amp; snacks
the so-called “endangered plant” isn’t even in danger of extinction!
awful
so they lost half a billion dollars and failed their constituents
accurate
terrible
slow strangulation by overregulation
horrific
also adding security personnel in vehicle and snacks &amp; beverages for passers-by
sam harris is a mentally ill 🤡
absolutely. if the government fails, citizens have every right to protect their property in america.
this guy was sentenced to 7 years in prison for social media posts. the other guy was sentenced to a mere 6 months for raping a 9-year-old child! british “justice” system is deeply broken.
it is absolutely a present-day crime n progress! shame on the creeps at “the new yorker”.
better to think of government, which is a monopolistic corporation in the limit, in terms of its feedback loop for improvement (or lack thereof)
exactly, article misses the point. fire breaks, brush clears and plenty of water won’t stop all houses from burning down, but the situation would be vastly improved if those things were done.
yes. please be careful in some areas, as there is non-zero risk of armed looters. cybertruck side panels are bulletproof to subsonic projectiles (handguns, shotgun &amp; tommy gun), but the glass is not, so make sure to duck if you see anyone wielding a gun. this is not fiction.
exactly
true
rob and i played many hours of diablo together on stream, especially during aoz times, so … it must be someone else 😂
adding a lot more to this effort tonight and tomorrow
absolutely
ride around in your truck in the devastated areas with a starlink terminal on the roof and open wifi
true
that is true of some people in california, and the press will of course accuse me of grandstanding, but, if this helps save even one house or maybe even someone’s life, we should still do it.
we are going to position cybertrucks with starlinks and free wifi in a grid pattern in the areas that most need it in the greater la/malibu area
true
sam harris is mentally ill
apologies to those expecting cybertruck deliveries in california over the next few days. we need to use those trucks as mobile base stations to provide power to starlink internet terminals in areas of la without connectivity. a new truck will be delivered end of week.
exactly
first booster has reached 25 flights
this is wrong
sounds about right
if the climate change explanation were true, texas, which has twice the forest area of california, would have roughly twice the wildfires that destroy homes. climate change is happening, but slowly. the issue with la was failure to create fire breaks and clear brush, combined
his son has good judgment
very saddening
true
thank you, ! integrity.
worse
goodbye gavin
this is the future that inspires me
true
either incarcerate those attempting to axe-murder or they will eventually succeed in axe-murdering
quite the quandary
true
reality is beyond parody 😂
yes, in times past, the weak men would long since have died in battle
gavin newsom is a subtard
for the idiots claiming otherwise
true
there will probably be another 10m added to the starship stack before we increase diameter
dei means people will die
slavery is still practiced in some parts of the world
actually, there is still slavery in some parts of the world
true
wise move
ask grok
about a year ago, a guy tried to kill three x employees with an axe outside the former twitter hq in sf. they reported it to the police, but nothing was done. he later killed someone with that axe. this insanity needs to stop.
not for long
the much larger problem is with the california state government allowing fresh water to flow into the pacific, because of fake risk to a fish
swords were the guns of the middle ages. and don’t even get me started on crossbows!
if the people of greenland want their territory to join america, we should accept them!
this will scale to enormous numbers, as california passed a bill providing free healthcare for illegals that just took effect last year. essentially, anyone on earth can come to california for free healthcare. earth has 8 billion people, but california has 40 million people.
absolutely should be full-staff. the 30 day period is arbitrary.
yeah
oh man, this is a long story. i’ve had 5 neck/back operations. the third one, a c5-c6 fusion, actually worked in improving the pain from excruciating to livable. however, the nerve exiting the right facet is inflamed and the orifice through which it exits needed to be
thus proving, once and for all, that i am indeed a retard!
yeah, i ran full force at a ~350 lb sumo wrestler in order to overcome the ~100 lb mass difference via velocity in the momentum exchange. i did knock him over, but smashed my neck in the process.
just tap the xai/grok button to explain anything
easy to figure out
yeah
that is so craven
now we know why labour voted against an inquiry: they are guilty
make europe great again mega!!!
true
mma is a red 💊
recovering from neck surgery. hurts a lot, but it was necessary.
true
true
grok can diagnose medical injuries
the reservoir was offline for a long time and with no work even under construction to fix it!
perhaps it is generational trauma. especially with ww1, so many fathers were lost that there was greatly reduced protection for children, leaving them vulnerable to predators. and, as we saw with saville, one predator can damage 500 or more children. they won’t stop until they
competence matters
organized child rape and torture
absolutely
incompetence in the limit is indistinguishable from sabotage
“committee for public safety”
and, of course, he has pronouns in bio
true
massive creep
exactly
yeah
if he doesn’t stop with this nonsense, i’m going to cancel his hair stylist expense account. vicious, i know, but …
what a creep
coulda had caruso
really?
exactly
🇼🇸 starlink in samoa! 🇼🇸
good question
yeah
election interference!!
fair question
one of them being the “labour” party
anyone have pics of the location in the fb men’s bathroom where the tampons are or are not?
same. so many times. nyt is propaganda to a degree most people do not understand.
that was your dad or husband or son she was talking about abandoning to die
um thanks
yah exactly 🙄
the forcing function for improvement in the public sector is weak
wha happen in romania doh?
cool
vital to fix this
even crazier, old twitter was putting fresh boxes of tampons every week into men’s bathrooms in buildings that had zero occupancy! the only possible use case would be a trans burglar who, while doing crime, nonetheless refuses to use the women’s bathroom 🤣🤣
fight! fight! fight!
in 2021, i set out to destroy the woke mind virus and now it has been deleted
but not anymore
woke_mind_virus found at 127.0.0.1 woke_mind_virus deleted rm -rf
beautiful
the astounding absurdity of 🤡 as tyrant of europe 😂
interesting
this is crazy
allowing isis fighters back to europe simply sets the stage for terrorist mass murder
yousaf hates white people (obviously)
hopefully, public pressure will drive political, regulatory and legal reforms, otherwise these areas will not be rebuilt for many years to come. the current system makes it impossible.
incompetence costs lives
this is still happening in britain. it’s not a thing of the past.
tyrannical behavior
indeed
that’s legacy media for you
yeah
this actually understates the situation, as the retirement payments are very high
it’s over for gavin
epstein was a teacher at dalton. something is wrong with that place.
hey, gary lubner and quadrature, why are you sending starmer money??
racism of any kind is unacceptable
who provides funding to starmer and the labour party? apparently, for example, i was reading that some hedge fund gave them £5m from a dodgy island in the caribbean.
why is starmer harboring known terrorists?
the new yorker is yet another mass rape apologist
the fox is guarding the henhouse
defund sierra club
not even close
how do people become british citizens without speaking english?
yeah
interesting
true!
an attack by the legacy media is germany is exactly what i expected and wanted to happen. it will only help the win🥇for 🇩🇪
this stuff is still happening. it hasn’t stopped.
true
this is an outrage!
in travis county, being required to put new buildings above a 500 year flood zone. that’s twice as long as america has existed as a country.
what are your views?
true
good times create weak people
great movie
who did this?
what is he hiding?
they do
sensible 🇬🇧
yousaf is a flaming racist (obviously)
he has the eyes of a psychopath
the real red pill will come when people try to get permits to rebuild their homes and face multiyear waits. this might finally spell doom for the coastal commission, which should not even exist as an organization.
yeah
this is seriously messed up
ok, we’re thinking too small with starship
ancient times
true
yeah
america and europe are suffering strangulation by overregulation
not true
this was so crazy!
um … well … uh …
competence saves lives
true
just a coincidence 😉
that’s real? wow
texting should now work in la even when there is no cellular service if you use
yeah
just wow
cool
cool
horrific
discussion with
he is super racist
he talks like he’s on meth
community notes ftw again
you can’t make this 💩 up
what am i missing?
you are the media now
this is not a parody
is that true?
but is that sweater ethically sourced?
afd is the only hope for germany
noted
that’s how it was for me
this is so crazy
true
why mars?
good
yeah
yeah
clear
new government is needed for california
only can save germany 🇩🇪
exactly
true
pc gamer has gone full retard
conversation starting now
conversation starting in a few minutes
conversation with in ~45 mins
clearly, i need to switch to glass bottle dc
i have a drinking problem
starship to launch tower this morning
true
because they are his lapdogs
the sheer magnitude of his madness is amazing to observe 😂
and soros is being defeated
my emperor name is “kekius maximusl”. show some respect 🤣🤣
i get things done and, while i have lost a few battles here and there, i have never lost a war
that much is obvious
exactly. climate change risk is real, just much slower than alarmists claim. the immense loss of homes in la is primarily due to: 1. nonsensical overregulation that prevented creating fire breaks and doing brush clearing. 2. bad governance at the state and local level that
absurd overregulation and government incompetence are the two reasons why so many people lost their homes
we even made the tesla patents open source, so anyone can use them
yeah
that’s what it is
i’m open to it
cool
💯 he is a traitor to the united states
starlink has an incredible advantage over competing systems: it actually works
cool
absolutely
accurate
dei means people die
absolutely
she must be a genius
exactly
spacex will provide free starlink terminals to affected areas in la tomorrow morning
yeah
great day
tragic
arson is a real possibility
true
wild theory: maybe, just maybe, the root cause wasn’t climate change?
exactly
true
true
good idea
the streets are gridlocked, because people are rightly afraid to take the subway or walk
incompetence kills
yeah
correct
it’s insane
you are the media now. post what’s happening. it will help people.
insurance companies are faced with either leaning california or going bankrupt. either path leads to no insurance long-term.
nice
exactly
unreal
true
absolutely
was absolutely right
she looks incredibly evil
true
absolutely
cool
exactly
exactly
it’s easy for someone to spin up hundreds or thousands of bot accounts and just troll for attention. unfortunately, i think the only solution is limiting replies to verified users or those you follow. or just thoroughly ignore unverified craziness.
the biggest factor, in my opinion, is that crazy environmental regulations prevent building fire breaks and clearing brush near houses. that’s what allows massive fires to get going. once they’re going, you’re just in damage control mode. in this case, damage control also
unbelievable
madness
madness
yeah, i almost went to the hospital about it. my cousin got it real bad.
yup, i literally work on heat shields every week
something that people may find helpful for stopping fires is packing wet sand/dirt (aka mud) on vulnerable surfaces if you can. this is far more effective than just wetting a surface with water, which evaporates quickly.
a friend in la just took this video
but have you interviewed my cousin’s friend’s uncle’s ex-roommate? he’s got an amazing story.
discussion with leader and possible chancellor of germany tomorrow
irish citizens get longer sentences than illegal immigrants. that’s messed up.
cool
correct
they weren’t entirely wrong tbh
unbelievable. starmer must go.
good for ! brave and true words.
nobody trusts starmer and for good reason. investors won’t invest without trust. he has created a financial crisis for britain.
beautiful graffiti art on the factory walls
good for you
true
they prioritized dei over saving lives and homes
yeah
crazy
why haven’t they been deported?
evel knievel’s most dangerous stunt in 2025 would be going to britain &amp; posting memes
obama made sure that rick caruso, who is extremely competent, lost to utterly incompetent mayor karen (her real name)
but what about california?
terrible
just posting a meme like this could get you sent to prison in britain (actually)
caruso is incredibly competent and should have been the mayor of la
true
true
good question
absolutely
well said by
these fires are easily avoidable, but nonsense regulations in california prevent action being taken, so year after year homes burn down and more people die
how many sharia law courts are there in the uk?
uk politicians are selling your daughters for votes
wow insane
funny how just learning facts can make one a radical 🤷‍♂️
exactly
fathers were arrested when trying to save their daughters from rape gangs
utter hypocrisy
exactly
good for the farmers
judges who put politics above the law should be removed from the bench so that they may practice their preferred career full-time
such hypocrisy
because there has been a massive coverup
this is insane
biden just gave george soros the presidential medal of freedom
my friend just texted me that his house burned down again. his old house also burned down in an uncontrolled wildfire several years ago. california could easily stop these massive wildfires, but refuses to put in fire breaks for bogus environmental reasons.
thierry is so annoying
what a hypocrite
unequivocally, these were deliberate racial hate crimes on a massive scale. that is proven repeatedly in the court documents.
worth reading
the system is broken
this is how to contact them:
please call your member of parliament and tell them that the hundreds of thousands of little girls in britain who were, and are still are, being systematically, horrifically gang-raped deserve some justice in this world. this is vitally important or it will just keep happening.
exactly
why has the british government refused to deport a convicted child rape gang leader to their home country?
read the court transcripts. i did. what was done to thousands of defenseless little girls in britain was vile beyond belief. when the fathers of the little girls tried to save them, the authorities arrested their fathers.
good
for all those poor little girls who were so terribly abused, many of whom died, they should do the right thing.
absolutely. they do it to obscure the true cause.
true
girl, you’re not the governor of canada anymore, so doesn’t matter what you say
jess philips, whose job it is to protect women &amp; girls, didn’t even try to speak to a single victim.
the individual plot twists and turns are wild, but the overall trajectory was predictable
this is terrible
still a few final touches to perfect raptor
beautiful
this platform is the collective consciousness of humanity. you are the media now.
starmer is evil
cool
good idea
send x links!
the british justice system is broken
if you aren’t sure of something, ask ! notes are only published if a significant number of people who have historically disagreed agree that a note is accurate.
cool
after all, he does work there 🤭
lmaooo
a referendum of the people is the essence of democracy!
true words
great point
nana had a spine of steel. my cousins just reminded me that she was once at a bank during a robbery and refused to give them her handbag, despite them pointing a gun at her head. they just left in the end.
some gems here 😂
george soros’s hatred of humanity includes israel btw
they are hiding terrible things
fetterman is based and truthful
labor needs a new leader
now why would keir starmtrooper order his own party to block such an inquiry? because he is hiding terrible things. that is why.
first, the eu tried to stop me from having an online conversation with president . now, they want to prevent people from hearing a conversation with , who might be the next chancellor of germany. these guys really hate democracy!!
good point. why is that?
exactly
yeah, grok will be better at understanding complex group speech in a noisy environment than people are
looks promising!
about 40% of players on the hardcore ladder are dead
testing x streaming
senator karen is the insider threat lmao
exactly
if the people of greenland want to be part of america, which i hope they do, they would be most welcome! 🇺🇸 🇬🇱
this is awesome
exactly
let’s do it!
great value
true
japan and south korea are well on their way to population collapse and they have not brought in cheap foreign labor. china is headed for population collapse and there isn’t enough foreign labor on earth to replace the roughly 600 million people per generation that will be lost
15 years to deport someone who committed terrible crimes is crazy!
this is cool
true
my british grandmother, cora amelia robinson, was an important part of my childhood. she was very strict, but also kind and i could always count on her. she grew up very poor in england during the great depression only to be bombed in ww2. to earn money for food, she cleaned
could what happened to the yazidi people one day happen to europe?
i suppose i am too 🤷‍♂️
his hatred for humanity came from being forced to hunt his own people to survive
more and more people around the world are choosing the red pill and leaving the matrix of lies
this is the way. you are the media now.
either repeat violent offenders are incarcerated or they will keep hurting innocent people. it’s that simple.
soros really was a genius at arbitrage, whether finance or politics. he also figured out how to take a small amount of private funding and leverage that into massive government funding. brilliant. i just wish he loved, rather than hated, humanity.
if dollar inflation is solved, the price in dollars to buy cryptocurrency will actually drop, other things being equal. what matters is the ratio of dollars to crypto.
good
same guy
is this accurate?
it’s just so romantic 💘
i’ve now watched this at least 20 times 🤣🤣
another masterpiece
haha, make him say “doge” again 🤣🤣
what?
magneto, a mutant of great power, who hated humanity
he’s not wrong
perfectly articulated
squirmy starmer
wow, well thank you for putting forward the bill!
it really is
amazing what happens if you just rearrange the atoms in a rock
this is how great civilizations throughout history have ended. people assume it was due to conquest, but it was actually often simply too much prosperity leading to low birth rate and population collapse, which ultimately enabled them to be conquered.
lmao
this is a gem 🤣🤣
no ai was used for starship. just our little meat computers.
we’re quite a bit further from being fully type i than it may seem. digital superintelligence will come many years before we reach even 10% of type i.
correct
that one gets me every time 🤣🤣
they just gave a guy 7.5 years in prison for social media posts. that legal system is deeply broken.
piers’s brain hasn’t received its software update yet
i’m blushing 😊
as i was saying …
jensen is right
true
they are in for a rude awakening
in that case, just me carrying all my kids around should make me an olympic athlete 😂
how are you measuring age?
trudeau is gone, starmer will be soon
population collapse
true
not sure why it was suspended, but seems to be fixed now
🇬🇧 thank you, britain! 🇬🇧
absolutely
true 😂
george soros pays them off (actually)
so-called “journalists” are not somehow better than citizens. same rules for all. doxxing results in a temporary suspension.
could be two states, but, yeah, we can’t fuck the senate
true, it hasn’t quite sunk in yet, but it will
indeed
good question
good
schiff is a criminal
lithium is very common throughout earth. refining capacity is what matters. that’s why tesla is building a lithium refinery in corpus christi.
great work!
good question
the cya 😂
if protecting children makes one a fascist, then so be it
no kidding … 🤨 spiegel is just paid propaganda
we get to defend ourselves as armed citizens and aren’t sent to prison for 7 years for posting memes
from his website:
george soros spent billions to create the fake asylum-seeker nightmare that is destroying america and europe
great game. you’re sandbagging a little by calling it “early access”, but that’s ok 😂
yeah
help grok be based and funny 😄
doesn’t sound legal
that is obviously what happened
good
are we really sending us taxpayer money to the taliban?
conservation of energy remains undefeated
and soros was just given the presidential medal of freedom …
remember these names next election
exactly
starmer is evil
this is fucked up
over 7 years prison for social media posts … whoever gave that sentence deserves prison themselves. thank god that america has freedom of speech in the constitution!
starmer lies
makes sense
true, but why?
absolutely
because every one of them is a future dem voter. simple incentives.
interesting
the “guardian” is the worst form of groveling propaganda on the planet
good question
what exactly do i fail to understand about your failure to stop the mass rape of little girls in britain, you sniveling cretin?
it would matter if anyone believed or watched cnn
understated, if anything
first time i’ve heard of this
true words
absurd and demented of starmer
what is irony?
should too 😛
let’s extradite him instead
the people of greenland should decide their future and i think they want to be part of america! 🇺🇸
🇺🇸 home of the free 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 land of the brave 🇺🇸
not a bad idea 🤔
absolutely
oh like that time starmer called a racist and said the british government should do everything to stop him? or when starmer sent british labour party members to campaign in the us against president trump this year?
this will be great. other countries in europe will ask to borrow it.
the right to bear arms is what ensures america remains a democracy. america remaining a democracy is what supports democracy in other countries. most people have no idea how fundamentally important 2a is to the world.
tommyphobia 🤣🤣
2025 is looking good 🔥 🚀 😎
ready to provide italy the most secure and advanced connectivity!
exactly
unconscionable
exactly
what an insane thing to say! the real reason is that it would show how starmer repeatedly ignored the pleas of vast numbers of little girls and their parents, in order to secure political support. starmer is utterly despicable.
congrats! gets a bit repetitive in the high 90’s. many hours of rifts.
utterly unacceptable
starmer was deeply complicit in the mass rapes in exchange for votes. that’s what the inquiry would show.
rip. it is sad to lose hardcore characters.
that’s how legacy media defines “far-right”
true
deep empathy, not shallow empathy
true
british legal system is not serving its people
real answer is yes
many such stories
troubling
gordon brown sold those little girls for votes
had this election not been won by , civilization would be lost
man, i never realized this meme was real 😔
thank god for america
openai was funded as an open source, nonprofit, but has become a closed source, profit-maximizer
america should liberate the people of britain from their tyrannical government
seriously
wild times in korea! what is actually the crux of the issue?
f u retard
that is why the founders of america made freedom of speech and the right to bear arms the first two amendments
rather than merely open the window, let’s knock down the whole wall
geoff hinton is a good man
terrible
disgrace.
a bearded dude in a dress
you make a strong argument
but says the subways are super safe …
am starting to wonder how anyone made it through childhood in britain without severe trauma
99 agencies is more than enough
it is at least within the realm of possibility
why the resignation now?
prison for starmer
gordon brown committed an unforgivable crime against the british people
starmer is complicit in the crimes
true
have they deported any of the gang rapists? even one?
utterly
what!!?? explain yourself, gordon brown.
true
it’s now or never
we should have noble intentions. be what you want the world to be.
absolutely
unreal
suicidal empathy, as rightly calls it
absolutely
you have finger guns, we have real guns
not even one?
you don’t hate the legacy media enough
millions of rapes …
millions of rapes!?
actually true
why was he not in prison?
there are no words to describe this travesty
those officials should go to prison for a long time
fucks_given == 0 😂
because the answer is essentially zero
accurate description of what’s really going on by
interview with
impressively based
interesting
exactly
interesting perspective
is this accurate?
thank you, nancy!
prepare for some epic cringe
i can’t wait
true
messed up
true
starmer must go. he is national embarrassment.
for the truth, however beautiful or awful the truth may be, 𝕏 is where you will find it
i have not met rupert lowe, but his statements online that i have read so far make a lot of sense
imagine you are a father going to rescue your daughter from gang rape and possibly murder, but the police arrest you instead …
for anyone doubting the severity and depravity of the mass gang rapes of little girls in britain, go to the source material and read the court transcripts. i did. it is worse than you could possibly imagine.
they lost because the people are sick of their failed policies
good for kemi badenoch!
they’re just trying to deflect from the horrifying truth and their guilt
once again: free tommy robinson now
troubling
seriously 🤣🤣
connect the dots …
the more you investigate, the worse it gets. beyond what you think is possible.
so teachers don’t need to know how to read in new jersey? seems like that would make it challenging to teach kids how to read.
countries just become inauthentic theme parks of what they used to be
true
jimmy saville, longtime bbc employee, raped over 400 children while being paid millions by the bbc
they are devaluing the presidential medal of freedom even faster than the dollar! didn’t think that was possible.
the labour party opposes a national inquiry on the mass rape of little girls in britain for one reason only: it will show that they were complicit.
the reform party needs a new leader. farage doesn’t have what it takes.
that contemptible worm posing as a judge should be thrown out and face criminal charges
are these numbers accurate, ?
you don’t hate the media enough. especially, state propaganda arms like the bbc. this is the same bbc that sheltered and paid jimmy saville, one of most horrific pedophiles in british history, for decades.
absolutely
good idea
full public inquiry
thoughts on this video?
feedback is welcome
i played ultima v. great game.
every one of them should be voted out
pretty much anything can be on a levitation pedestal
try it!
seriously
grok will be the best source of truth by far
no, but i will next time 😢
exactly. just a pathetic puppet.
i don’t put my name on things
what an idiot
they do
she’s evil
for the bright sparks out there, no change has yet been made to the algorithm. if you’re wondering why you’re not getting more views, look in the mirror. any changes we make will be posted publicly.
unreal
true
some good omens here 😂
absolutely
87 arrests …
absolutely
great idea 💡
absolutely
good idea
that’s what i thought too. it seems not.
game over,
indeed, shame on them
weird
absolutely
by what definition is this not a hate crime?
i know he’s in prison for contempt of court ffs, but there is no justification for such a long prison sentence or for solitary confinement!
suicidal empathy
interesting
that’s what happened and is still happening
exactly
these awful people all need to be voted out, either in the primaries or the general election. they sully the capitol building with their presence.
i am adrian dittmann. it’s time the world knew.
he’s wearing a merkin on his head! what is a merkin, you might ask?
sorry, that was in poor taste. i’d like to apologize for insulting party city. they would never sell such a 💩 wig.
this clown looks like he bought that wig from the party city liquidation sale 🤣🤣
spacex is hardcore
super important to report what you see and hear, so that people know the truth
has been for a while. the legacy media is dying.
i did actually do that 😂
insane as it sounds, that is an accurate description
that judge should be removed from the bench
lmao
nice
there is no excuse. please post the list of people who opposed this law and want to keep illegals who are convicted sex offenders in america. they all need to be voted out of office. every one of them.
those who suppressed these horrific crimes deserve very long prison sentences
true
adrian is me 1000% 😂
what about the little girls?
this is insane
exactly
no, adrian is definitely me 😂
true
perfectly said. what a pompous jackass.
the current uk labor government literally just tried to interfere in the us election
if an election were held today in britain, reform would win. most people in britain despise the current government.
crazy
terrible
unreal
good question
absolutely
this meme is actually real in the uk
george soros looking quite good here. must be the lighting.
cool
yeah
unequal justice
exactly
cool!
little girls in england are still dying from the rape hangs. it hasn’t stopped.
good question. and this happened on a massive scale. genocidal rape.
the “guardian” is a nest of pedophile apologists
this was unequivocally a racial hate crime
we should show banger replies in the main timeline
thanks
exactly
makes no sense
at this rate, the uk government will pretty soon be executing people for liking a meme!
this actually happened multiple times
progress
dead giveaway
unbelievable
please correct your article. it is false. we take these matters very seriously.
it is my earnest hope that his majesty considers this matter in the interests of his subjects
both
what an evil human
terrible
cool
horrific
legacy media dies a little more with each of their lies that is exposed. you are the media now.
live conversations on 𝕏 with in 5 days! will take questions from the audience.
such a travesty
exactly
i agree that there need to be consequences for contempt of court, but extremely periods of solitary confinement, which is normally reserved for serial killers who are a mortal danger to other inmates, are an absurdly disproportionate punishment!
high time
biden is a criminal
sullying the medal
imagine if this were your child
only 10 out of 200 rapists were prosecuted?
seriously
exactly
this utterly corrupt judge should be tossed out on his ear and face charges himself
the sniveling cowards who allowed the mass rape of little girls in britain are still in power … for now
there must be justice for the hundreds of thousands of little british girls who were mercilessly targeted for gang rape and often murder in horrific ways
what a wicked witch she is
absolutely
rape of british girls on a genocidal scale
exactly. instead of addressing the terrible problem, they try to change the subject. contemptible.
that judge should be removed from the bench in disgrace
true
we are waiting for approval from the government
clearly, an avid reader 😂 can’t tell what’s real or ai these days.
incredibly unjust
because starmer is guilty of terrible crimes against the british people
the bureaucracy is
she’s just plain evil
she’s a wicked creature
it’s also the second biggest boss battle after entropy
as a friend called it, this is the ultimate skill tree
a travesty that biden is giving soros the medal of freedom
i’ve started a new character called percy verence
how the rape of britain was covered up
horrific
true
absolutely
yes. the medal of freedom should not be for sale.
yeah
unreal
i couldn’t agree more. worth following .
absolutely. great work by the starship and starbase teams!
cool! and grok 3 is coming soon. pretraining is now complete with 10x more compute than grok 2.
same
we’re also working on easy ways for you to adjust the content feed dynamically, so you can have what you want at any given moment
algorithm tweak coming soon to promote more informational/entertaining content. we will publish the changes to . our goal is to maximize unregretted user-seconds. too much negativity is being pushed that technically grows user time, but not unregretted user time.
first launch of 2025!
posting technical upgrades to starship, as i think a lot of people enjoy understanding how the technology is evolving from one flight to the next
worth doing
great!
exactly
🇺🇸🇺🇸 congratulations! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
correct
exactly
we will in a month or so
it is now illegal to show your id even in local elections in california. the reason they’re doing this is to make voting fraud unprovable. 🤡🌎
it is high time
which is the point
the bbc is well-known for shielding child rapists for decades, including their very own jimmy saville!
true
list of major upgrades to starship for flight 7
kekius maximus made it to rank 59 in the world in hardcore league of ⁩. rip noble warrior.
this platform is the top source for news on earth
analyze any image in seconds with grok!
the legacy media is despised by the public for their relentless lies
conversation with alice weidel on jan 9
true
starmer is done. just a question of how long it takes at this point.
the democrats oppose voter id so that they can commit voting fraud and not get caught. it’s that simple.
she is sacrificing little girls for votes. utterly disgusting.
habeck is a traitor to the german people
yeah
i am mostly of british ancestry
true
that is exactly what they did
incentives explain behavior
national inquiry now!
more the complicit, he was a participant in the mass rape of britain
good
of course
the worst mass crime against the people of britain ever
the legacy media covered up the mass rapes
doesn’t make sense
starmer was complicit in the rape of britain when he was head of crown prosecution for 6 years. starmer must go and he must face charges for his complicity in the worst mass crime in the history of britain.
the mass rapes in britain are still happening
worth reading
true
why were the charges dropped? this was a serious hate crime.
jess philips is a rape genocide apologist
you are the media now. and vastly better at getting to the truth.
the people of britain do not want this government at all. new elections.
only those afraid of the truth oppose it
because he is guilty of complicity
has great image prompt suggestions for . i recommend subscribing.
you are the media
a massive crime against humanity
almost always
true
mdma would help them a lot
he had no idea what the automated pen was signing
what the fuck!?
true
the original lawsuit was brought by a law firm using a puppet shareholder. the appeal is by real tesla shareholders.
awesome
the law shoukd treat all equally
no uk government inquiry for the gang rape of innocent little girls, but £22m spent on an obviously violent lunatic. shame, shame, shame.
the legacy media and corrupt politicians hid this for 20 years
good
wow, that’s a lot of police officers
legacy media is dying
what a jackass
reform is needed
no, we’re going straight to mars. the moon is a distraction. mass to orbit is the key metric, thereafter mass to mars surface. the former needs to be in the megaton to orbit per year range to build a self-sustaining colony on mars.
i have a ww1 trench knife embedded in my bedroom wall just in case. 1917 edition. more useful than a gun in close quarters.
no, i mean it
wtf is wrong with this guy
autopilot will not function unless it detects an attentive person in the driver’s seat
is there any evidence he was suicidal?
this sounds crazy
utterly shameful
memes reveal many truths
all of history, in fact. history doesn’t belong to the victors, it belongs to the writers, especially if they chisel it in stone.
anyone who commits a serious crime should be deported, unless they are a citizen. end of story.
will put a stop to this
the biden/harris administration’s open borders policy made this highly likely imo
you can watch live sports in 8k in antarctica with
this is super fucked up next-level
great interview
tom holland is a pathetic fool
interesting
good observation
massively
he has finger guns, we have real guns
unreal
you can upload any image to grok for analysis, from medical tests to video games! just tap the + button or paste the image into the entry bar.
the perfect question
grok can tell you a lot
most people in europe think the legacy media is real. send them links to 𝕏, so that they know the truth. nothing is more convincing than actual source material.
for sure
good
exactly. he shot himself in the head before the timer for the explosives went off. severe mental illness.
people read the trial transcripts
keir starmtrooper has a question …
seriously
madness
britain has the illusion of two parties, much like the us. the uniparty bureaucracy actually rules britain. the reason they tried so hard to kill is that he is not a puppet of the uniparty system.
someone or a group turned this guy into a suicide bomber. we need to find the source of the mind virus.
absolutely
the battery pack never even caught fire and the tires are still inflated! once we get this cybertruck back to tesla, we’ll buff out the scratches and get it back on the road.
we need to find the source of the mind virus
someone or a group turned this guy into a suicide bomber
the founders of america had great wisdom
state-sponsored evil
exactly
justice will be served
president will take power just in time. thank goodness.
a mass murderer is living free as a professor in canada?
two tier keir no justice for severe, violent crimes, but prison for social media posts
there are obviously some bad seeds at bragg. they need to be identified and removed.
indeed
beautiful
elderly man arrested in britain for “causing anxiety” with a social media post. this is insane. thank god there is a constitutional right to freedom of speech in america!
major reform needed at fbi
good question
britain needs reform now!
a very frequent tactic of the legacy media
exactly
good question
sure are a lot of coincidences here …
this is the same media that hid the fact that a quarter million little girls were – still are – being systematically raped by migrant gangs in britain. they are beneath contempt. despicable human beings.
watch this to understand more
far more
deep empathy, not shallow empathy
weird
yet more shameful conduct by the legacy media
exactly. companies with entire boards that have zero expertise in the products that a company is making are doomed to failure.
exactly
yeah
madness
and law. too many professions that don’t pass the “stranded on an island” test. what professions would you want to join you if you’re marooned on an island trying to survive? you wouldn’t say “i’d like 10 lawyers, please” 😂
exactly. time for reform.
english version of the article (die welt translated it into german)
true!
needs to happen and will happen in america
who is the boss of jess phillips right now? keir stamer. the real reason she's refusing to investigate the rape gangs is that it would obviously lead to the blaming of keir stamer (head of the cps at the time).
yeah
it might be
certainly indistinguishable from one
free tommy
can you at least post a chapter or two on this platform?
yespp pt
true
terrible
same 😂
in the uk, serious crimes such as rape require the crown prosecution service's approval for the police to charge suspects. who was the head of the cps when rape gangs were allowed to exploit young girls without facing justice? keir starmer, 2008 -2013
maybe it is time to do so
what’s your average xp/hour? progress gets crazy slow above level 90.
💯 treason
a new election should be called in britain
you don’t hate the legacy media enough
unforgivable
utterly contemptible
what a pathetic cuck! throw him in prison too.
what’s going on, ?
i’m pretty sure we could get it running again too
many wrongs need to be righted
disgraceful indeed
free speech doesn’t mean paid speech
one of the worst things i’ve ever read about
ap stands for associated propaganda
they oppose an inquiry, because it will show that those in power were complicit in the cover-up
absolutely
whoever ordered the arrest of fathers trying to protect their daughters from gang rape should be in prison for life
fire the management
suicidal empathy, but they will take us all with them!
true
important
free tommy robinson!
worth watching
this horrific crime has been going on for a very long time
there must be accountability
sniveling cowards
true
are the police not taking any action?
the evil knuckleheads picked the wrong vehicle for a terrorist attack. cybertruck actually contained the explosion and directed the blast upwards. not even the glass doors of the lobby were broken.
he will be booed wherever he goes. sniveling scumbag.
outrageous
this chart is a big deal
predicting macroeconomics is challenging, to say the least. my gut feel is maybe around spring or summer 2022, but not later than 2023.
if history is any guide, not many will make it past the next recession
probably not wrong
wow, working on this problem has soaked up a lot of my time &amp; brain cycles over the past ~7 years! this and starship engines are currently the two hardest problems.
ashok was the first person recruited from my tweet saying that tesla is starting an autopilot team!
faa approval is the schedule driver. their latest update says end of february.
lex asks great questions
most people still have no idea that sustainable energy generation is growing so fast
the resolution of the universe is not smaller than planck length
all of reality can be simulated with ones &amp; zeroes
yeah, the smarter someone is, the harder it is to simulate/predict their behavior
now that the webb telescope has been launched, they will have to spend more on rendering haha
it is simulations all the way down, until you get to one bit
people are able to break any laws made by humans, but none made by physics
physics formulas are the rendering rules
so much of ai is about compressing reality to a small vector space, like a video game in reverse
useful mass to orbit is what matters
as goes norway, so goes the world. that said, still a long way to go to replace the fleet of combustion vehicles on the road.
congratulations, this is major!
interesting
it’s good
that was a crazy tough year. tesla financing closed at 6pm christmas eve – last hour of the last day possible. payroll would otherwise have bounced two days after christmas.
it was a shamefully low blow from wsj
and many other things
no, that’s some tool with senior editor privileges who keeps putting that there
“history is written by the victors” except on wikipedia, as your enemies are still alive &amp; have lots of time on their hands 🤣🤣
my wiki is such a dumpster fire 🤣🤣. that’s how you know it isn’t curated.
a lot will be added
tesla holiday software update goes to wide release today!
tesla is technically a car like an iphone is technically a phone
10.8 looks good, rolling out today
good idea
that’s why i’m pro doge
the book is 👍
lots of tesla cars to deliver before year end! your support in taking delivery is much appreciated. thanks also to the tesla team working hard during the holidays!
yeah, i didn’t have a house in the bay area for over a decade, despite spending half the week there
whereas radar has trouble seeing small pedestrians, they’re obvious to tesla vision
disney restricted us to us only
yes, but if we find unexpected bugs, release might be delayed until 24th
tesla holiday software release being tested with internal owners today. broader rollout starts tomorrow evening.
we’re aiming for a significant improvement for owners outside the us around march, depending on regulatory approvals
it’s a great whistle!
this assumes completion of the 10b sales
pure vision, especially when using explicit photon count, is much better than radar+vision, as the latter has too much ambiguity – when radar &amp; vision disagree, it is not clear which one to believe
a strong bias towards consumption tax makes sense
🤣 people who don’t create products &amp; services don’t realize that it takes hard work to produce products &amp; services
agreed. taxes do need to be collected, but what is the best way to do this that maximizes area under the curve of the happiness of the people?
a lot of improvement still coming just from software updates to satellites &amp; terminals
i talked about falcon 9 &amp; heavy for over a decade!
still kinda hard to believe it is working
absolutely
100th spacex rocket landing was today
just keep going. it’s in there somewhere.
m something something
has anyone seen web3? i can’t find it.
with starlink, you could stream video &amp; play online games
🤣🤣 true. ask your airline for starlink!
sometime in 2022
maybe i’m partly chinese!
for those wondering, i will pay over $11 billion in taxes this year
yeah
i’m not suggesting web3 is real – seems more marketing buzzword than reality right now – just wondering what the future will be like in 10, 20 or 30 years. 2051 sounds crazy futuristic!
might very well be
given the almost unimaginable nature of the present, what will the future be?
tesla will hold a giga texas grand opening party with factory tours for the community in early 2022
words are very lossy compression of thoughts
sounds like a good book
it may, especially in our galaxy at this time
better resolution
should be taught to all at a young age
that matches my understanding
absolutely
all raptor 2 tests going forward
traceroute woke_mind_virus
silco &amp; jinx headline coachella?
still aiming for booster 4 &amp; ship 20 for first orbital test flight (this is pure coincidence!)
coming
10.8 is close, so just jumping to that
probably
haha, this is not even its final form! although, pretty close. cape is hopefully this summer.
tesla fsd 10.8 plus holiday fun software release probably tuesday
15 degrees
yup. next booster will have 33 raptor 2 engines, with 13 steering. ship is being upgraded to 9 engines (3 sea-level gimbaling, 6 vacuum fixed) with increased propellant load.
each raptor 1 engine above produces 185 metric tons of force. raptor 2 just started production &amp; will do 230+ tons or over half a million pounds of force.
interesting
the great state of massachusetts deserves someone better
still much to be done, but it has that potential
this is a big deal
it might be
wow, this video took a lot of work!
trondheim sounds cool
i saw it. whoa, pretty dark! nice bladerunner reference.
wait, people *pay* him to speak lmaooo
i haven’t read the book, but soni’s questions were incredibly insightful &amp; his attention to detail was superlative
add some tats -&gt; hipster xenomorph
is there anything more tragic than unrequited love?
yeah, i mean seriously wth!!
[ahem]
(lack of) joy reid is a lobbyist for sen karen
old school shell game
giga texas is a $10b+ investment over time, generating at least 20k direct &amp; 100k indirect jobs
literally
i came to the us with no money &amp; graduated with over $100k in debt, despite scholarships &amp; working 2 jobs while at school
it’s complicated, but hopefully out next quarter, along with witcher. lot of internal debate as to whether we should be putting effort towards generalized gaming emulation vs making individual games work well.
yeah!
i love dilbert! use it all the time to illustrate that we’re doing something wrong at tesla/spacex if it could be a dilbert cartoon irl. this happens more often than i’d like (sigh).
that is weird
highly recommend all of
thanks!
congrats
she’s tryin call to the manager rn 💯
sneaky, but ineffective, like the rest of what she does 🤣🤣
explain yourself
interesting
thank you!
yup, that’s the plan!
don’t spend it all at once … oh wait you did already
and if you opened your eyes for 2 seconds, you would realize i will pay more taxes than any american in history this year
x is pretty great
thanks jim!
please don’t call the manager on me, senator karen 🙏
you remind me of when i was a kid and my friend’s angry mom would just randomly yell at everyone for no reason
stop projecting!
this is the revolution in medicine
yeah :)
no stylist, no makeup either haha
lori did a lot of good
that is how i feel about myself! oh wait …
very hard
munro rocks!
tesla will make some merch buyable with doge &amp; see how it goes
will also be important for mars
spacex is starting a program to take co2 out of atmosphere &amp; turn it into rocket fuel. please join if interested.
penalizing sustainable energy is insane
i will ask dan for some tips!
forgot to mention the mosquito, which was arguably the most innovative airframe design
thanks bro
overall kill ratio was 19:1, but kill ratio against the zero was 13:1
apologies for any errors in this podcast!
interesting payload number
true ♥️
she seems cool
i was slightly aiming for that
sorry
does anything actually work?
literally
martians911
i think i mentioned “octane” too much haha … but it was actually a big deal
sonic, the hedgehog, game coming to all teslas!
just did a episode with dan carlin. hope you like it.
it takes 20 years (time from conception to adult) to reverse demographic trends
maybe a little 😉
sulla and the original nero who was instrumental in defeating hannibal are underrated
“no better friend, no worse enemy”
real androids are coming
absolutely
they have no idea
um … yes
should arguably be called 11
10.7 next week is great
that is not the production wiper
lasers can do anything
there will be a few tweaks before production
i do aspire to entertain the people!
imbued gold/bronze color would be sick
manufacturers have to ship cars with side mirrors by law, but owners are allowed to modify their cars. the wiper is what troubles me most. no easy solution. deployable wiper that stows in front trunk would be ideal, but complex.
not at first, but there are many third party options for wrapping
cybertruck can have any color you want, so long as it’s nothing
mars &amp; cars
wow, only three weeks to 2022! what will 2032 will be like? seems so futuristic! will we be on mars?
hahaha … ?1
maybe i will …
tesla china has done amazing work
earth should be called water
noobtoob
congrats!
rocket fleets grows
amazing engine!
probably way sooner before it’s too hot for civilization
unless susceptible to extreme natural disasters, nuclear power plants should not be shut down
taxing all billionaires at 100% only drops national debt by ~10%, which is just one year of deficit spending
nothing is more permanent than a “temporary” government program
exactly!
there is a lot of accounting trickery in this bill that isn’t being disclosed to the public
if “temporary” provisions in the build back better act become permanent, us national debt will increase by 24%!
judith cohen (jack black’s mother) also did important work on apollo
brain transplants
booster production is currently ahead of engine production
lot of people don’t realize that you can watch almost any show in a tesla
if you leave hydrogen out in the sun long enough, it starts talking to itself
hopefully, this month, no later than next
progress
it’s true
replacing faulty/missing neurons with circuits is the right way to think about it. many problems can be solved just bridging signals between existing neurons. progress will accelerate when we have devices in humans (hard to have nuanced conversations with monkeys) next year.
there are already minimum age requirements for the house, senate &amp; presidency. reciprocally, there should be maximum age limits too.
i am definitely not saying that we can for sure do this, but i am increasingly confident that it is possible
exactly
that always blows my mind. sad thing is that we haven’t been back to the moon in half a century.
did it myself 🤣
10.6.1 coming in a few days to address a few annoying issues
looking forward to visiting. i’ve heard it’s awesome.
a background in “ai” is not needed, just exceptional skill in software or computer design
congratulations!
coming soon. lot of cool stuff.
tesla publishes accident statistics quarterly. they are so much better than other vehicles, it is ridiculous.
as always, tesla is looking for hardcore ai engineers who care about solving problems that directly affect people’s lives in a major way.
good summary
he is quite a bossy dog :)
nfts are jpeging the dollar
landing on tower arms
my car is currently orbiting mars
you betcha
starships to ♥️ mars ♥️
we will soon make these real
haha pretty much
exactly
it is an honor to serve nasa and the countries of the international space station
39a is hallowed spaceflight ground – no place more deserving of a starship launch pad! will have similar, but improved, ground systems &amp; tower to starbase.
huge cranes are cool haha
i love norway! 🇳🇴 ♥️🇳🇴
it releases internally today, then rolls out to external beta in a few days if no significant issues are found
but yes
product roadmap update on next earnings call
will have both front &amp; rear wheel steer, so not just like a tank – it can drive diagonally like a crab
initial production will be 4 motor variant, with independent, ultra fast response torque control of each wheel
is that a line graph in your pocket or just happy to see me?
construction of starship orbital launch pad at the cape has begun
yikes
laws are on one side, poets on the other
let’s set an age limit after which you can’t run for political office, perhaps a number just below 70 …
dooooge
what should i do with it?
web3 sounds like bs
i thought nothing could be nuttier than ‘99
they saw it coming
starship will enable a quantum leap in deep space &amp; planetary science
exactly
doesn’t even need maintenance – just works!
the sun is absurdly, overwhelmingly the source of energy in our solar system
no, but you could get pretty far with rings of separately orbiting objects, like our solar system’s asteroid belt
and the sun is technically green, as measured by peak photon count
but lower power density than a human
friends &amp; pools are great
yikes
don’t waste your money on that silly apple cloth, buy our whistle instead!
blow the whistle on tesla!
dayquil + nyquil
the magnitude of the starship program is not widely appreciated. it is designed to extend life to mars (and the moon), which requires ~1000 times more payload to orbit than all current earth rockets combined.
if a severe global recession were to dry up capital availability / liquidity while spacex was losing billions on starlink &amp; starship, then bankruptcy, while still unlikely, is not impossible. gm &amp; chrysler went bk last recession. “only the paranoid survive.” – grove
the overarching problem is that we need better mental firewalls for the information constantly coming at us. critical &amp; first principles thinking should be a required course in middle school. who wrote the software running in your head? are you sure you actually want it there?
it’s getting fixed
suits will need to be made in high volume at an affordable cost &amp; be much easier to use
we had to shift some starlink satellite orbits to reduce probability of collision. not great, but not terrible either. station &amp; dragon have micrometeorite shields (ultra high velocity impact absorption), but eva suits do not, hence higher risk for spacewalk.
49 years later, games are photo-realistic 3d worlds. what does that trend continuing imply about our reality?
splish splash
just dropping some friends off at the pool
humanity shall return!!
oh man, this year has been such a supply chain nightmare &amp; it’s not over! i will provide an updated product roadmap on next earnings call.
cybertruck will reach far into a post-apocalyptic future &amp; bring that technology to now
cybertruck is intentionally an insane technology bandwagon
variable gain (steer by wire) yoke would be ideal …
acid test for new interface is use it for 2 weeks &amp; see if you still want old version. after using yoke for few weeks, i didn’t want wheel.
yoke allows unobstructed view of the screen
a lot has happened in 8 years
usa benefits greatly from indian talent!
it will still be very intense, just slightly less than in the past
nice
the most ironic outcome is the most likely
yeah
hypothetically, if they did make lots of electric cars, then they would be the leader
exactly
good thread
figuratively &amp; literally
we learned our lesson with $465m doe loan received in 2010/2011 – onerous terms exceed value of money received. that’s why we paid it back so early, despite an early repayment penalty.
maybe drive an upright falcon 9 past the white house flying a giant stars &amp; stripes with a marching band playing “i can see clearly now”?
that’s our initial interstage design that we scrapped
combined tesla+spacex market cap is now over $1.2t, which means “$4.9b” is less than 0.4% of combined company value
great speech, couldn’t agree more!
great, hope yours is too!
haha true
absolutely!
happy thanksgiving to all! hope you have a great day. your support over the years is super appreciated 😀
seriously!!??
avenge the dinosaurs!!
why watch it happen instead of helping making it happen?
sorry it took so long
jay rocks!
same
such miracles are beyond us
if we are able to make life self-sustaining on mars, we will have passed one of the greatest filters. that then sets us up to become interstellar. earth is ~4.5b years old, but life is still not multiplanetary and it is extremely uncertain how much time is left to become so.
earth has been and will be smashed super hard by meteors over time. not a question of if, just when.
in 1992, comet shoemaker-levy smashed a hole in jupiter the size of earth
this will be really important one day. much is made of meteor impacts that destroyed most life on earth, but there were far more that “merely” destroyed a continent. comets (not asteroids) are the real wild card, as we’re only able to track ~4600 out of ~1 trillion.
about to launch asteroid defense test!
that is the great question
exactly
exactly (sigh)
sounds good
it can simulate anywhere, but we need to focus on one region until fsd is out of beta, then expand geographically to have betas in other countries. canada is not a lot different from us, but different enough.
high-performance code is in c using our own compiler to maximize frame rate. we use python with custom libraries for fast prototyping, then convert to c for fast execution. new software is run against real-world video &amp; our world simulator to evaluate performance, then qa.
i don’t use binance (tried at one point, but signup was too many hoops to jump through), so no inconvenience to me personally. just raising this issue on behalf of other doge holders.
our nns didn’t have any temporal &amp; spatial memory or surround video auto-labeling back then – everything was knitted together in c++ from single frames with manual labeling. still much to improve.
doge holders using binance should be protected from errors that are not their fault
wisdom
hey , what’s going on with your doge customers? sounds shady.
i was able to do several zero takeover drives around austin last night using random map pin drops (no tesla has ever done these routes)
hell of a rocket! probably would have succeeded if korolev had not died. hopefully, starship is more fortunate.
and all model s &amp; x production for the world is still done in america, but who’s counting
giga texas is epic
ancient times …
true
and i will talk to their manager!
the sheer physicality of changes in the brain during sleep or with serious neurodegenerative diseases is much higher than people realize
we do need to have the fallout-themed party! aiming to do that once international travel restrictions are lifted.
meant to say county (sigh). airport will be part of it, but required additional federal approvals.
transforming america!
it’s either traffic forever or tunnels. try our first operational tunnel in vegas at the convention center! the city just approved a full tunnel network, connecting major hotels, convention center &amp; airport.
interesting eyes too
long-term, ship would land on tower arms, like booster
unlikely for early ships to splashdown intact. getting to orbit at all on first try would be a major win.
serious allegations deserve serious responses 🧐
probably around march
it gives me solace
at least 50% of my tweets were made on a porcelain throne
model s plaid is sickkkk!!!!
i aspire to comedy
let’s see if we can get them to say the word “tesla”!
king of the who!?
maybe they are npcs and tesla just isn’t in their dialogue tree?
or perhaps some cheese 🧀
the irs already has dedicated audit teams for high net worth individuals. the doubling of staff is for everyone else.
i bounce around wsj, nyt, bbc, bloomberg, wapo &amp; twitter generally. better to follow individual journalists than publications, as there is a wide range of quality.
i like the new direction cnn is going tho
interesting
we are on the wrong planet for ssto. on mars, it is thankfully easy.
if earth’s gravity was even 10% lower, i’d be all for single stage to orbit
unfortunately, there is just no way to make a motorcycle safe. motorcyclist deaths per mile are ~29 times higher than car occupants.
much has changed
congrats! orbit is not easy.
bitcoin cures cancer
i love these shots
what my father’s work looked like when i was growing up
one of the improvements to fsd vision involves training with actual photon counts, so removing the filters used to make pictures pretty to the human eye
a simpler time, it was
checking …
hopefully tomorrow
fractured but whole
. keith, is this about right?
tragically, it is not clear that the defense contractors can get to the moon for any amount of money. more than $200b has been spent on development of new us crewed space transport systems over past ~40 years, but only dragon is flying. development cost to nasa was &lt;$2b.
it’s good to be open about ur vulnerabilities
this launch mount is not easy to build
i suspect that article was written before the drive even took place
don’t want to brag but … i’m the best at humility
there were no ev incentives (nor did we expect them) &amp; gasoline was super cheap, so tough to make the case for electric cars. my guess was that we had &lt;10% chance of success &amp; most people thought 0%. the history car startups is just one big graveyard.
that’s what i was thinking too!
if only he could find those chaos emeralds …
is he ever not grumpy!?
so fast and yet so slow
true
it’s great that they’ve changed their tune these days, but the truth is that gm tried damn hard to kill the electric car! if not for competitive pressure from tesla, they would be doing nothing.
exactly
indeed
sigh
propublica should be bottom left
grover gardner rocks
is this real?
it is hard to find good sources of relatively objective news these days. any suggestions?
“we are choked with news and starved of history” – durant
my comments starts at 6:49 mark
talked about starship with national academies space studies board
it does need people!
accept worst case outcome &amp; assign it a probability, which is usually very low. now think of good things in life &amp; assign them probabilities – many are certain! bringing anxiety/fear to the conscious mind saps it of limbic emotional strength. cheery fatalism is very effective.
limiting factor for first launch is regulatory approval. thereafter, fundamental issue is solving engine production. prototypes are easy, production is hard.
true, although it will look clean with close out panels installed. raptor 2 has significant improvements in every way, but a complete design overhaul is necessary for the engine that can actually make life multiplanetary. it won’t be called raptor.
12 million pounds of thrust at liftoff
indeed. over time, tesla will generate hundreds of billions for the government in terms of employee income tax, product sales tax and property tax, in addition to profit taxation.
accurate thread
we are waiting for permit approval from santa monica
i like to dig my grave real deep 🤣🤣
exactly
burry is a broken clock
the hard work by faa, us fish &amp; wildlife and texas parks &amp; wildlife is much appreciated, as well as the strong local support from cameron county and brownsville / south padre!
normal money is actually a bunch of ancient mainframes running cobol in batch mode, where govt can edit money database whenever they want
exactly
yes, that is the other major source of dilution. all employees receive stock after a year at tesla and we now have over 100,000 employees worldwide.
that loophole does seem questionable
i had majority control for the first 5 years or so of tesla, but car companies need lots of capital, so now i’m around 20% or so, despite putting in as much as i could along the way
agreed, taxes are best applied to (especially extravagant) consumption, whereas capital allocation taxes reduce goods &amp; services output, so actually bad for the people. probable capital allocation skill of heirs is lower than original creator, so i am in favor of an estate tax.
regretamine, it’s like a 100% tax on all your regrets!
his stance on ketamine was bold
how do we know he hasn’t been kidnapped by aliens!?
ok, how much do you think is fair? does 53% seem reasonable?
inflation is the most regressive tax of all, yet is advocated by those who claim to be progressive
due to inflation 420 has gone up by 69
bernie is a taker, not a maker
exactly
want me to sell more stock, bernie? just say the word …
soon, that list will grow much longer as humanity reaches new heights!
i keep forgetting that you’re still alive
a careful observer would note that my (low basis) share sale rate significantly exceeds my 10b (high basis) option exercise rate, thus closer to tax maximization than minimization.
how about predictions for 2030?
please don’t read too much into this. as mentioned publicly, tesla is constrained by chip supply short-term &amp; cell supply long-term. not possible to produce additional vehicles in volume until both constraints are addressed.
i’ve actually been living in a ~$50k house in south texas for past 2 years, not boxabl (cool product tho). feels more homey to live in a small house.
megapacks are deployed to stabilize the grid itself, especially effective for absorbing peak loads. they save consumers money.
such a beautiful day to launch
the rocket fleet grows
best plane ever
tesla megapack batteries will help stabilize the grid this winter
129 orbital flights
should work everywhere for global maritime by roughly middle of next year (enough sats with laser links launched). until then, it will be patchy when far from land.
inter-satellite laser communications means starlink can carry data at speed of light in vacuum all around earth before touching ground. over time, some amount of communication can simply be from one user terminal to another without touching the internet.
it is a very impressive history
once the board was presented with the evidence of eberhard’s deception/fraud &amp; the dire state of the company, all board members, including those he appointed, voted unanimously to fire him in august 2007.
he came damn close to killing tesla through a combination of bad management decisions, driving out talented people, bad engineering, major blunders in supply chain &amp; an elaborate deception about the true cost &amp; schedule of the tesla roadster.
founding story of tesla as portrayed by eberhard is patently false. i wish i had never met him. eberhard is by far the worst person i’ve ever worked with in my entire career. given how many people i’ve worked with over the years, that’s really saying something …
good static fire with all six engines!
no guarantees, but maybe next month. requires quite a lot of incremental testing &amp; code tweaks for different road system in canada.
hoping to start releasing to 98 scores with v10.5 in about 10 days
ancient times
i hope they’re able to achieve high production &amp; breakeven cash flow. that is the true test. there have been hundreds of automotive startups, both electric &amp; combustion, but tesla is only american carmaker to reach high volume production &amp; positive cash flow in past 100 years.
pattern on the starlink router is orbital transfer ellipse from earth to mars
new uaw slogan: “fighting for their right to steal money from workers!”
interestingly, however, average power density of the sun is comparable to a compost heap (humans are more power dense than the sun) – it is just very, very big
there are many other good causes, but this is my main reason for accumulating capital. the resources i consume personally are very low.
as described in the moon is a harsh mistress (great book), a linear accelerator would be great for the moon. earth’s gravity is too high &amp; atmosphere too dense for accelerators to be a good solution vs reusable boosters imo.
still blows my mind that this is real
and that is a very tiny fraction of the ~4 megatons of mass that the sun converts to energy every second
sometimes they’re a little 2-dimensional
i have all their albums
(zero is a cool concept)
nothing matters
11 lifetimes ago
dragon enters like a shooting star
really just comes down to iron cathode for medium range vehicles &amp; stationary storage vs nickel cathode for long range vehicles
important
the starship fleet is designed to achieve over 1000 times more payload to orbit than all other rockets on earth combined. almost no one understands this.
true
actually, 41 tons for spacex in q3 &amp; aiming for 80 tons in q4. that said, china launch mass to orbit is extremely impressive.
coming soon
. ahem
why does ur pp look like u just came?
i had too many bottles of teslaquila!
exactly
i was prepared to accept either outcome
doing the opposite of whatever that insufferable numbskull says would be a great way to invest!
we are rolling 10.4 out slowly, as there are many subtle hardware differences in the owner fleet. if it continues to look good over the next few days, we may start rolling out to 98 safety scores.
will consider
tesla autopilot spends a lot of effort on minimizing jerk
roll them 🎲 🎲
note, i do not take a cash salary or bonus from anywhere. i only have stock, thus the only way for me to pay taxes personally is to sell stock.
i will abide by the results of this poll, whichever way it goes
wrath of the khans
much is made lately of unrealized gains being a means of tax avoidance, so i propose selling 10% of my tesla stock. do you support this?
i say this frequently
haha true! the top alternate name, if we couldn’t acquire the tesla motors trademark, was faraday, which a competitor ended up using.
some late-breaking issues with 10.4. we’re deploying a patch to internal beta vehicles around 3am tomorrow. if that goes well, we may be able to release 10.4 to external beta vehicles on sunday. many good improvements.
seems that way. publishing their transaction ledger would clarify matters.
we will post finer-grained details of software improvements going forward
exactly. improved memory will cause predictions to converge &amp; reduce jitter.
in the future, any tesla you use will automatically sync to your preferences
probable
neural net upgrades coming that improve persistence across time &amp; space (better object permanence)
cool :)
not yet. they should just post their transaction ledger. must be somewhere.
and mars
haha true
so are tunnels
yup, even the moon
how about my lil doge floki? he would make a great ceo! his judgment is 🤌.
what they are doing is just not right
sigh
you’re welcome! if any of this is based on hertz, i’d like to emphasize that no contract has been signed yet. tesla has far more demand than production, therefore we will only sell cars to hertz for the same margin as to consumers. hertz deal has zero effect on our economics.
it’s simulations all the way down, until eventually it’s just 1 bit
- everything on the internet is true! - externalize responsibility! - if you are able to do this, buy crypto!
absolutely
he talks like an npc with a limited dialogue tree
srsly
he looks good even for a 200-year-old!
both of those factories failed &amp; shut down long ago. strange thing to brag about.
literally can’t tell if this is real or deep fake 🤣🤣🤣
should be a term limit for these appointees
trial program for opening tesla superchargers to other evs has begun
thanks!
sanjay deserves a lot of credit for making x/paypal succeed. now helping spacex serve rural communities in india. much respect.
yup, 2nd uaw president in a row. unlikely to be the last.
what happened here?
biden is a uaw 🧦 puppet
please publish your current &amp; proposed spending in detail so people can see exactly where money goes. sunlight is a wonderful thing.
by definition, since i own ~20% of tesla, ~80% of stock gains necessarily went to investors &amp; employees!
austin should be its city, not a san francisco copycat
tuition is in dogecoin &amp; u get a discount if u have a dog
but it must be open source accounting, so the public sees precisely how the money is spent.
if wfp can describe on this twitter thread exactly how $6b will solve world hunger, i will sell tesla stock right now and do it.
pretty close
indeed. the factory was empty at the time, stripped of all equipment that wasn’t worth even its scrap value. but we salvaged what was left &amp; fixed up the old machines so some could work again.
what gave it away!?
thanks on behalf of tesla
unfortunately, yes
“a culture of corruption” – his words
nope, t is def first
universally admired
that would rock
it will have epic merch
am thinking of starting new university: texas institute of technology &amp; science
we are so fluffy compared to a neutron star
we basically stole our product roadmap from spaceballs
gateway to mars
tesla always pays its debts
cover story for godzilla obv
“tax experts said they're not sure if claiming unrealized donations is legal, but admitted it's all very confusing, as the government is printing fake money and taxing nonexistent profits and nothing is real anymore.” 🤣🤣
thanks for your support over the year !
the cemetery of automotive startups over the past century is very large &amp; will get larger. tesla &amp; ford are the only american car companies that haven’t gone bankrupt.
indeed, us taxpayers actually profited from the tesla loan
gm &amp; chrysler were bailed out (money never repaid), but tesla was not. crucial tesla investment actually came from daimler in 2009, from which they did very well. tesla received govt energy efficiency loan in 2010, by which time capital markets reopened. loan was repaid early.
my plan is to use the money to get humanity to mars and preserve the light of consciousness
us federal debt/gdp was 56% in 2000, now it is 126% &amp; climbing fast
us national debt is ~$28,900 billion or ~$229k per taxpayer. even taxing all “billionaires” at 100% would only make a small dent in that number, so obviously the rest must come from the general public. this is basic math. spending is the real problem.
you can also talk through the car speaker. great for practical jokes :)
tentative plan is 98 &amp; above starts uploading friday afternoon next week. if we see any concerns, uploads will pause while we investigate, so might take a few days before everyone with 98 safety gets beta 10.4. 10.4 improves left turns across fast traffic &amp; stopping for gates.
fsd/ai team is doing great work. will get superhuman good in upcoming releases. note, we will slow down upload rate of releases going forward. first from qa fleet to employee cars for a day, then slowly releasing at ~1000 cars/hr to external beta on friday aft.
that math is incorrect, but still a lot of devices per second! i guess if tesla can reach 20m cars/year, that would be one every ~1.5 seconds!
according to their own estimates, this tax only covers ~10% of the $3.5 trillion spending bill. where will the other 90% come from? the answer is you.
wow, 13 years ago
i feel like this has happened at tesla a few times
i kinda like avocado toast &amp; pro level coffee tbh :) starbase cuisine does an amazing job with those.
another way of saying we’re in a simulation
reducing traffic fatalities by 90% seems likely, perhaps ultimately by over 99%
also, tesla will soon be a german car manufacturer.
german car manufacturers will rebound strongly. they possess great talent, which will not sit idle.
but the bee nails it again 🤣🤣
who is best at capital allocation – government or entrepreneurs – is indeed what it comes down to. the tricksters will conflate capital allocation with consumption.
thanks 😎
truth is stranger than fiction
to be clear, cars sold to hertz have no discount. same price as to consumers.
i don’t know about long-term, but short-term we are seeing strong inflationary pressure
exactly. eventually, they run out of other people’s money and then they come for you.
i’d like to express appreciation to tesla autopilot engineering &amp; qa for working round the clock all weekend to resolve the problem
sorry to tesla beta users for the trouble! issue turned out to be power saving mode interacting with fsd. our internal qa fleet didn’t see this, because cars are constantly in use, so very rarely enter power saving mode. internal qa will obv test this case going forward.
strange that moved valuation, as tesla is very much a production ramp problem, not a demand problem
wild $t1mes!
indeed, this is intended to be useful advice, based on my extremely painful experience, not an attack in any way
prototypes are trivial compared to scaling production &amp; supply chain. if those are solved, achieving positive gross margin is the next nightmare. starting a second new vehicle line before first is working will divide resources &amp; amplify probability of failure.
that feature is coming
10.3.1 rolling out now
what if ur name is johnson &amp; u just happen to work at johnson &amp; johnson?
sclerotic democracy
although teams is pretty good
raptor 2 has a larger throat diameter, so thrust is ~245 tons at 321 bar
maybe optimus will have a cat girl version …
erotic democracy &gt;&gt; sclerotic democracy
pop music has both literal &amp; figurative stockholm syndrome
wasn’t easy
lots of people i talked to on the production lines at tesla or building rockets at spacex own doge. they aren’t financial experts or silicon valley technologists. that’s why i decided to support doge – it felt like the people’s crypto.
seeing some issues with 10.3, so rolling back to 10.2 temporarily. please note, this is to be expected with beta software. it is impossible to test all hardware configs in all conditions with internal qa, hence public beta.
out of curiosity, i acquired some ascii hash strings called “bitcoin, ethereum &amp; doge”. that’s it. as i’ve said before, don’t bet the farm on crypto! true value is building products &amp; providing services to your fellow human beings, not money in any form.
none
possibly. bitcoin was conceived at a time of relatively low bandwidth &amp; high latency. if both continue to improve substantially, we will reach a point when no second layer is needed.
we’re working on this issue right now
not recently. what matters imo is lowering fees, decreasing block time &amp; increasing block size. a single layer network with exchanges as de facto layer 2 seems like the simplest solution for a medium of exchange.
as requested
got to 321 bar before rud, but cause may be due to oxygen inlet pressure too low, rather than engine issues
we live in a gerontocracy
plus crypto scams haha
neither jared, nor me, nor anyone i know has anything to do with this foundation
your support makes a big difference! please let the faa know your opinion.
regression in some left turns at traffic lights found by internal qa in 10.3. fix in work, probably releasing tomorrow.
come see the apple cloth ™️
*in dogecoin
squid game is squid game for isps
hey qt314 😉
starbase under construction
great!
i mean just the image
can i retweet this in cropped form?
tries to launch some rockets – accidentally summons dark lord
it’s gonna be great!
exactly
shaking out the problems (literally) haha
yeah, although early production cars will need camera upgrades, as well as fsd computer (all included in the price)
no, we expect some tiles to shake loose during static fires
hopefully
currently at ~270 bar, but working on upgrades to get it over 300 bar
raptor has a very high chamber pressure, which in turn allows for a large expansion ratio nozzle without flow separation at sea level
this will be cool
beat the 🐌!
we are
very soon
yeah, when we’re out of beta
most likely
absolutely
well-said, dr aldrin!
well-optimized starship would do ~250 tons to orbit as expendable &amp; ~150 tons fully reusable
nods
the day fsd goes to wide release will be one of the biggest asset value increases in history
full &amp; rapid reusability is the holy grail of orbital rocketry
most big companies in tech have turned into places where talent goes to die
objectively, her track record is extremely biased against tesla
they’re required by law, but designed to be easy to remove by owners
ovaltine is amazing!
i would gladly obey the chemtrails, but i don’t understand what they are saying haha!
luck is the best superpower
good review
as soon as major construction is done, so maybe in a few months
i’ve thought about and … i’m not sorry for party rocking
autonomy must &amp; will work even with no connectivity
we can do that partially, but detailed rocket technology is considered advanced weaponry (same tech as nuclear missiles), so there are more limitations than at tesla
yeah
maybe buffett should invest in tesla haha
thanks cameron county, brownsville &amp; south padre for your support! much appreciated.
thanks!!
hopefully enough to extend life to mars
we already have a giant, free fusion reactor in the sky called the sun. just catch it’s energy with pv, store in battery &amp; you’re pretty much done.
correct
technical details will be in release notes
beta 10.3 releasing friday next week to all cars with 99/100 safety score
pretty much :)
fan art is the best
lasik has improved so many people’s lives!
great game
haha
congrats, was cool to send to space
if it possible to start an ev company without shipping any cars &amp; get a valuation less than a billion dollars!?
i hope they have a high pain tolerance. scaling production, supply chain, logistics &amp; service is a world of hurt.
yes, we are talking to airlines about installing starlink. please let them know if you want it on your airliner. low latency ~half gigabit connectivity in the air!
these are strange days
they will
many great suggestions in this thread!
can’t wait to be in genshin impact 🤣
hoping to get this done soon
aspirationally for everyone
godspeed captain
“lasers”
maybe next week. we’d like to get to 10.3 before expanding the beta.
always
agreed. trying to get all the approvals needed to offer insurance is extremely difficult, but it’s coming.
production, supply chain &amp; logistics are so hard!
yeah
but they should go electric now. less range, but so easy, quiet &amp; clean.
yeah, on its way (sigh)
starship launch site
beenz, beenz the musical fruit the more you eat the more you toot
all the stairwells currently shown as wood-clad will actually have graffiti
starship is a hard problem
not to mention warm-up latency
vision became so good that radar actually reduced snr, so radar was turned off. humans drive with eyes &amp; biological neural nets, so makes sense that cameras &amp; silicon neural nets are only way to achieve generalized solution to self-driving.
just want to emphasize this is the work of hundreds of awesome engineers in both software &amp; hardware, over 1000 data analysts &amp; billions of owner miles
low occlusion gates are challenging, but should be fixed soon
beta 10.2 now rolling out to cars with 100/100 safety score over 100 miles
it will be available in perforated rolls
[puff, puff] what if the cure for cancer [puff, puff] was in the leaf 🍃?? 🤯🤯
it’s coming
thanks for playing giga berlin!
i love alw! couldn’t agree more. my dog marvin is havanese too, although i’m *his* emotional support human.
team is in fact working hard! they just confirmed 10.2 is good to go tomorrow night.
it’s true
hell yeah
sure hope so!
physics ftw
these are nice, but high time we built a really big tesla coil!
cells &amp; fsd are massive, the rest is just beauty &amp; romance … but life is empty without those last two
yeah, headlights are precision led, so they can be bright without blinding oncoming traffic, pedestrians &amp; cyclists
it will hopefully achieve sustained cycle time of 45 seconds. at 75% uptime over an average week, that’s ~10k/week if run 24/7.
sunday/monday
a few last minute concerns about this build. release likely on sunday or monday. sorry for the delay.
there are many small joys as you explore the car &amp; more to come via software updates
so crazy to have come this far!
exactly
if you’d like to join tesla ai, but can’t easily move to palo alto or austin, that is acceptable for extremely excellent candidates where inefficiency of distance is overcome by talent
sorry if we’ve been too dumb to respond to you. please cite evidence of exceptional ability in a few bullet points. nothing else matters.
please consider joining tesla ai software or hardware teams!
i’m so dying to do a supersonic, electric votl jet, but adding more work will make my 🧠 🧨
starlink is designed for low to medium population density, which means we can hit max users in some areas fast. please sign up early to ensure a spot. as more satellites roll out, spacex will be able to serve more.
should be nationwide rollout by end of month. note, still limited by peak number of users in same area. this will improve as more satellites are launched.
haha true
definitely further refinements coming to (early beta) safety test score. it will be refined continuously until it is an extremely good predictor of crash probability. exciting actuarial problem!
sure
it’s a big deal that dragon is reusable, with improved refurbishment efficiency with each passing flight! this is not the case for other orbital spacecraft. it means the spacefleet grows every time a new dragon is made.
long list of mostly little items, but driving experience is significantly better. we will put notable changes in the release notes.
everyone with a perfect score with get it. there are ~1000 owners with perfect scores. maybe 1100 to 1200 by friday night.
note, quality of experience can vary dramatically, as our neural nets have far more training data in some parts of the country than others, but this should improve rapidly with more driving in those regions.
try explaining it to a 17-month-old – that’s hard!
fsd beta 10.2 rolls out friday midnight to ~1000 owners with perfect 100/100 safety scores. rollouts will hold for several days after that to see how it goes. if that looks good, beta will gradually begin rolling out to 99 scores &amp; below.
tesla always pays its debts
this was *extremely* difficult. huge props to tesla engineering, supply chain, production &amp; key suppliers.
awesome, effortless ordering is our goal :)
tough choice – so many great movies –but spaceballs for me
lookin good …
walk this way … no, *this* way …
i wish i had had the opportunity to talk to him
same
good point, will discuss with team. floki pic tomorrow.
new dune is good
i really wanted to like it
amazing show about mission!
manufacturing will be tesla’s long-term competitive strength
this is real btw
and thanks very much to our suppliers &amp; logistics partners for coming through despite great difficulties!
will be falcon 9 size sooner or later
pushed a week to align with 10.2
with &amp; powerwall battery you are your own utility. 24/7 clean, sustainable electricity.
hello , great pic! (that’s me waving)
that is the goal
proof was good!
amd has been great to work with!
no guarantees, but i think it will. this is a big part of what i meant by tesla’s long-term competitive advantage being manufacturing technology.
spacex has sued to be *allowed* to compete, bo is suing to stop competition
maxwell was incredible
really?
hamster has mad skillz!!
this is a serious concern.
we aim to do the most for the least $
apologies, 10.2 release will be a week from friday
first few days probably 100/100, then 99, 98, etc.
wow, lot of interest in fsd beta! plan is to roll out version 10.2 midnight friday, then on-ramp ~1000 owners/day, prioritized by safety rating.
if tiles are not super thin, you get hot plasma “waterfalling” off edges of tiles, creating hotspots. that said, i’m not entirely convinced that this couldn’t be done with several overlapping scales of metal sheet with an insulator between scale armor &amp; primary structure.
headed tank vent knocked off a few tiles
cybertruck option package
of course
where is hitchcock when you need him?
illustrates why tesla sales will soon exceed mass of universe
in an electric future, batteries are as essential to transport as oil is today
noted. you should be able to press mic button &amp; say “bug report …”
a helpful case to consider, as the roads intersect at unusual angles
true
“comes in discreet packaging”
well ya see we need to reach around the rocket to uhh …
we use no cobalt at all in most of our cars &amp; tiny amounts in others (going to zero soon), whereas phones &amp; laptops primarily use cobalt
and booster used to be 70m, but this required an awkward half barrel width of steel, so now it’s 69m
haha so true of rocket engine development
very much a beta calculation. it will evolve over time to more accurately predict crash probability.
fsd beta request button goes live tonight, but fsd 10.1 needs another 24 hours of testing, so out tomorrow night
chris was an early employee of spacex, and made a significant contribution, but was not a cofounder
maybe reality is a rick &amp; morty episode
i didn’t think so at the time
so pointy!
super important for doge fees to drop to make things like buying movie tix viable
giga berlin will help a lot
that would break the nasa budget!
birth rate collapse is the biggest threat to human civilization
we always do flight readiness reviews! this argument makes no sense.
logistics is underrated
exactly. giga shanghai makes cars for export in first half of quarter, then cars for far away parts of china, then cars for nearby parts of china. net result is a crazy wave of deliveries end of quarter. it is tough on our team, so we’re hoping to reduce the wave in q4 &amp; q1.
great view of earth!
tesla is the king of car farts!
hopefully worldwide long-term, but insurance is a regulatory labyrinth/escape room!
the regulatory process for approval to offer insurance is extremely slow &amp; complex, varying considerably by state. tesla is hoping to offer real-time (based on actual driving history) insurance in texas next month. probably next year before we get approval in new york.
good point, we could enable visualization before control. will enable that option hopefully next month.
definitely upgraded toilets :) we had some challenges with it this flight.
not super surprising, given that internal combustion engine cars literally have “combustion” in the name
yeah, a little oven for heating food &amp; starlink wifi
just met with the crew in florida to congratulate them in person. such great people!
tesla has not yet decided on a fourth gigafactory location
to be precise, completely &amp; immediately reusable orbital rockets are the fundamental breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary
which games did they like most?
nice work!
good
no, has to be turned on by car owner
tesla insurance calculator will show status in real-time &amp; tell you what actions are needed to be rated “good driver”
7 days after approval to log driving style
not a tiny engine
remarkable how few people realize this capability exists. many think it is 5 years away! with public beta rollout in coming weeks, awareness should improve dramatically.
seems that way
looks fine. take 2 aspirin, call me in the morning.
some amount of cooperation would be good
absolutely
he’s still sleeping
needs a little warming up
i wish there were more
so few products that you truly love 💕
count me in for $50m
congratulations !!!
one of my favorite movies
yes no, but it will get refilled &amp; maybe cargo transfer
making life multiplanetary is an extremely hard, but not impossible, problem
still basically nothing compared to the orbital mass flux needed for a base on moon or mars
probably will trap a tesla with the production autopilot build, but won’t work with fsd. using a ring of cones would stop fsd though.
it will be there
sigh
long chain hydrocarbons, like kerosene, have excellent volumetric energy density, but what you really want for rockets is best way to bind hydrogen, which is ch4. also, easy to make &amp; store ch4+o2 from co2+h2o, which are abundant on mars.
fully reusable rockets want high t/w to minimize $/ton to orbit, because propellant cost actually matters
automatically drive to most obvious location unless occupant says otherwise
with that, ship is basically begging for an extra 3 engines
exactly
“ignition!”
throw in some hydrogen &amp; lithium for a real party
what propellant?
moving at ~23 times speed of sound, circling earth every ~90 minutes
ironically, yes at this time. fsd beta system at times can seem so good that vigilance isn’t necessary, but it is. also, any beta user who isn’t super careful will get booted. 2000 beta users operating for almost a year with no accidents. needs to stay that way.
yeah. we’d use our ka parabolics or laser links for dragon, starship or other spacecraft as soon as they got above cloud level.
jay is right
please add your voice to the public comments. support is greatly appreciated! humanity’s future on the moon, mars &amp; beyond depends upon it. thanks, elon
the lesson from “tortoise &amp; hare” is not that tortoises are faster, but rather that hares should not be complacent
september will be interesting
technology probably ready in a few months, thereafter limited by regulatory approval
beta button will request permission to assess driving behavior using tesla insurance calculator. if driving behavior is good for 7 days, beta access will be granted.
next month
good feedback from fsd beta 10 users! 10.0.1 point release rolling out now. 10.1 rolls out a week from friday with beta request button.
truth is stranger than fiction
congratulations on a successful mission!
rip, sir sinclair. i loved that computer.
just spoke with crew. all is well.
missions like inspiration4 help advance spaceflight to enable ultimately anyone to go to orbit &amp; beyond
that’s my safe word too
maneuverability is important for safety
thanks richard!
thank you
it was an honor to wish you godspeed before you left for orbit!
watch countdown on netflix about inspiration4 mission launching today
it is hard to overstate criticality of reusable rockets. no less important than reusable aircraft, cars or bicycles. essential for humanity to become a multiplanet species &amp; backup the biosphere.
it has indeed become hard to find which platform has which show
i’m not saying there are ufos … but there are ufos
also, we need to figure out how to render voxel height of unknown objects in a way that isn’t horrendous
deep
whether it’s stamp collectors in andorra or petticoat aficionados in lichtenstein, none can resist!
nice work!
nicheman (power of appealing to niche audiences) strikes again hahaha
emojilution
they are … not yet friends
ok ok haha
will do!
floki has arrived
(ahem)
literally!
forward flaps will change a lot in upcoming versions of starship – smaller &amp; more leeward
this is written by ford/uaw lobbyists, as they make their electric car in mexico. not obvious how this serves american taxpayers.
falcon 9 is technically a heavy lift rocket. if flown as an expendable, payload to orbit is similar to delta iv heavy (~25 tons to leo). and starship is ~10 times bigger.
nice drive
with 10.1, it will creep forward with more confidence &amp; quickly reverse back a little (just as a person would) if it sees danger
think of beta 10 as enabling a significantly higher local maximum than beta 9
to be fair, investors are giving us significant credit for achieving self-driving, given that tesla’s valuation/production is very high compared to other automakers
three weeks
digital clock coming in 2 weeks
please challenge tim of apple to trial by combat 🙏
didn’t you sorta win?
highway stack is still production version, as it is more polished than fsd for now. single stack for all should release in 10.1.
these are v1.5 starlinks with laser inter-satellite links, which are needed for high latitudes &amp; mid ocean coverage
an early season episode of the tesla soap opera!
great work by tesla team, with special thanks to tesla automation in prüm, who were critical to many high-performance parts of plaid!
exactly. getting paid by the government to launch payloads at much lower prices than competitors is not “government support”.
satellites with “lasers” in “space” [strokes white cat]
booster static fire on orbital launch mount hopefully next week
track software update probably a few weeks away (i know, i know haha). also waypoints &amp; other things.
tesla doesn’t have the bandwidth to do it, but there are some good third party mod shops
next will be modified plaid with added aero surfaces, carbon brakes &amp; track tires (all things that can be done without tesla being in the loop)
tesla model s plaid just set official world speed record for a production electric car at nurburgring. completely unmodified, directly from factory.
maybe not, but it’s 99% dot products
the build i’m driving right now is almost there. fsd 10 will blow your mind.
expansion will be gradual, based on ensuring maximum safety
am i a yoke to you? 😢
yet another round wheel is boring &amp; blocks the screen. fsd in panoramic mode looks way better with a yoke.
just messin with ya haha
are you the same today as you were yesterday?
it seems to be working …
cybertruck is not like the others
that sums it up well!
thanks! what is your favorite tea?
and if it doesn’t work, he’s gonna sue death!
impressive!
worth it
many times
that’s one of my tests!
i’m not always late haha
large incumbent carmakers sell their cars at low to zero true margin. most of their profit is selling replacement parts to their fleet, of which 70% to 80% are past warranty. like razors &amp; blades. new car companies lack this advantage. also lack sales &amp; service infrastructure.
production is hard. production with positive cash flow is extremely hard.
lot of good work happening on tesla sound codec &amp; audio software in general. aiming for maximum music dopamine in your brain!
a lot has happened in the past 8 years
this is obv debatable, but i’d call anything with ~300 miles / ~500 km of true usable travel distance “long range”, beyond that “very long range”
there are vast amounts of iron (and lithium) on earth, but much less nickel. for global industry to scale battery production to ~10 twh/year, it needs to be mostly iron. higher energy density of nickel only needed for very long range vehicles &amp; aircraft.
our new cell is 46mm diameter with steel shell &amp; even that was huge challenge for propagation resistance
yes. physics of large cells means distance from cooling loop to center of cell is high, so harder to prevent hotspots. then, pressure &amp; heat released from large cell in weak bag make it impossible to stop whole pack from burning. pretty basic.
time is the ultimate currency
iron, the last element made in a star, appears likely to exceed nickel by 3:1 or more
generally agree, but probability of thermal runaway is dangerously high with large pouch cells. tesla strongly recommends against their use.
and beta 10 is a step change improvement from what you have!
🤣🤣 “i’m fkn tryin”
ur welcome, pls be nice to the humans
smoked ham
good progress. applying information theory to currency (which is just information), lower fees reduce noise &amp; faster &amp; more consistent sync time improve latency &amp; jitter.
the robots are coming anyway, as boston dynamics videos clearly show. i will not be able to ensure that robots made by other companies are safe, but i can try my best to do so at tesla.
in general, i believe government should rarely impose its will upon the people, and, when doing so, should aspire to maximize their cumulative happiness. that said, i would prefer to stay out of politics.
processing is not an issue. lasers links alleviate ground station constraints, so data can go from say sydney to london through space, which is ~40% faster speed of light than fiber &amp; shorter path. also, no need for ground stations everywhere. arctic will have great bandwidth!
not sure, but maybe a few months. in general for any region, we need to make software work well, test it extensively &amp; then get regulatory approval. if we could go faster while being safe, we would!
what is love?
fsd beta 10 rolls out midnight friday next week
i was in the berlin paint shop talking to the team on my last visit. it’s gonna be great! but bear in mind that it takes about a year for a new factory to reach volume production. production is super hard work, which is why i have great respect for those who do it.
they can shake their fist at the sky
norway ftw 🇳🇴 💕
our new crane!
great shots by
maybe zap him on the head with our space lasers …
technically, data packets do not need to touch regular internet – data can flow from user terminal to satellite/s to user terminal
our satellites launching in next few months have inter-satellite laser links, so no local downlink needed. probably active in 4 to 6 months.
filing legal actions against spacex is *actually* his full-time job
he should consider spending some money on actual lunar lander hardware, instead of shady lobbyists
just figuring out the regulatory approval process
sigh
good point, agreed.
this might be part of the problem: “gm is warning owners not to charge their bolts in or near their homes overnight”
big ass fans are great!
the dark side of onlyfans …
time to stop projecting &amp; cool off
no worries, situation is under control
true
thank for bringing this up. tesla will expedite service center openings. have you tried our mobile service that comes to you?
beta 10 coming soon!
am watching star wars: bad batch with lil baby x. waiting for season 2!
hopefully first try with booster 5
tank treads on the arms
booster has 2 pins for lifting &amp; catching, although maybe it’s better to modify grid fins to take more load. something will need to flip out from leeward side of top of ship to do same there. maybe it’s part of fwd flaps, but prob not. diff solutions for diff load paths.
spacex will try to catch largest ever flying object with robot chopsticks. success is not guaranteed, but excitement is!
i added the archangel-12 part … and obviously have a fondness for the letter x
doffs 🎩
the beauty of physics (truth)
important
exactly
good to see you &amp; at starbase
the rocket fleet grows
falcon about to launch dragon to
black
of course
flying over starbase
yeah, we should tie autopilot driving style preference &amp; various warning settings together in general
don’t want to be unreasonable, but maybe they should be required to deliver at least one vehicle per billion dollars of valuation *before* the ipo?
sure
good point
pretty much
good point. we do have torque reduction if an obstacle is detected, but active braking would be better. prime directive is: do not crash.
impressive render. warts &amp; all! new version of raptor is much cleaner.
turns out besos retired in order to pursue a full-time job filing lawsuits against spacex …
our intent with this pack is that product experience is roughly equivalent between nickel &amp; iron. i’d personally slightly opt for iron pack, as it wants to be charged to 100%, whereas nickel prefers ~90%.
2 weeks
this is a risk, but not yet a limiting factor
beta 10 will be next-level
… is a hydrogen sonata
nice
we should be there with beta 10, which goes out a week from friday (no point release this week). it will have a completely retrained nn, so will need another few weeks after that for tuning &amp; bug fixes. best guess is public beta button in ~4 weeks.
in general, we overfit to sf bay area
nothing’s perfect haha
it’s amazing by most standards, but we are aiming for 1000% safer than the average human driver
can’t wait for new high bay!
just drove fsd beta 9.3 from pasadena to lax. much improved!
nope
our license applications are pending in many more countries. hoping to serve earth soon!
ancient doges
now serving 🇺🇸 🇨🇦 🇬🇧 🇩🇪 🇫🇷 🇦🇹 🇳🇱 🇮🇪 🇧🇪 🇨🇭 🇩🇰 🇵🇹 🇳🇿 🇦🇺
100k terminals shipped!
fsd beta 9.2 is actually not great imo, but autopilot/ai team is rallying to improve as fast as possible. we’re trying to have a single stack for both highway &amp; city streets, but it requires massive nn retraining.
the guns of august
it’s basically the plot of fallout: new vegas
there is a profound difference between single-planet &amp; multiplanet species. if we are able to visit other stars one day, we may discover many long-dead single-planet civilizations.
to extend the light of consciousness
summarized well
i never said this!
my son asked if we would still speak english 7000 years from now. i said probably not. there was not even the faintest hint of english 7000 years ago.
deep cut haha
hopefully
bot is not directly on the path of accelerating a sustainable energy future, but it aspirationally improves the probability that the future is good
pretty wild
true
do they even know about the delta variant!?
it’s a quintillion (10^18) floating point operations per second – enough to simulate a human brain
we have almost all the pieces needed for humanoid robots, since we already make robots with wheels
on now
will make a big difference
no, bottom static aero pushes engine section back, counteracting starship’s low center of mass on reentry caused by the engine section. aiming for 60 to 70 deg angle of attack during high heating portion of flight. don’t want to reenter with engines blasted by plasma.
low center of mass. bit like our ship &amp; booster on reentry.
same
probably slightly further forward, smaller, more inward. no funny looking static aero at top, as static aero no longer directly in flow.
btw, there’s a slight error with forward flap design. moving section is needed for control, but passive section is counter-productive, as it pushes nose backwards. new design rotates fwd flaps more to leeward &amp; further forward to improve moment arm. maybe ~120 deg apart.
product ideas!
true
you can make anything fly haha
impressive
robyn is great
beta 10 or maybe 10.1. going to pure vision set us back initially. vision plus (coarse) radar had us trapped in a local maximum, like a level cap. pure vision requires fairly advanced real-world ai, but that’s how our whole road system is designed to work: nn’s with vision.
9.3, probably 9.4 &amp; then maybe 10. significant architecture changes in 10.
improvements in 9.2:
some unexpected last minute issues. should go out in next day or two.
first orbital stack of starship should be ready for flight in a few weeks, pending only regulatory approval
probably sooner
we will make it happen!
shower thoughts work best for me
“don’t look here!”
we’re working on enabling public access to our restaurant!
solar/wind + batteries + electric cars is obviously the future
i’ve been saying this for a while
mad respect for the makers
demolition man is coming true
starship will enable humanity to become a multiplanet species
major supercharger openings in west la coming soon!
starship will be crushingly cost-effective for earth orbit or moon missions as soon as it’s operational &amp; rapid reuse is happening. mars is a lot harder, because earth &amp; mars only align every 26 months, so ship reuse is limited to ~dozen times over 25 to 30 year life of ship.
all models do make use of aluminum casting, but new y will be most advanced with 2/3 of body cast.
sorry, it’s been pretty intense lately
same
i have great respect for kathy lueders
actual volume manufacturing, where cash in &gt; cash out, is so damn hard most people have no idea
the sad thing is that even if santa claus suddenly made their hardware real for free, the first thing you’d want to do is cancel it
super agree!
seriously
in the end, it’s all about entropy
soon, mechazilla will have arms!
pics or didn hapn … oh
no amount of money can defy physics
twitter dm laughing emoji is nightmare
yes on both counts. that would be a great outcome for civilization.
preferably, on mars
i will welcome death when it comes
and ship will be caught by mechazilla too. as with booster, no landing legs. those are only needed for moon &amp; mars until there is local infrastructure.
pretty close. booster &amp; arms will move faster. qd arm will steady booster for ship mate.
priority for residents of brandenburg &amp; berlin, but also open to general public
giga berlin-brandenburg county fair &amp; factory tour on 9 october!
the staying power of a bad idea is astonishing
note, should be “refill”, not “refuel”. ~78% of propellant is liquid oxygen, only ~22% is fuel.
tesla makes cars for export in first half of quarter &amp; for local market in second half. as publicly disclosed, we are operating under extreme supply chain limitations regarding certain “standard” automotive chips. most problematic by far are renesas &amp; bosch.
booster &amp; ship will return to orbital launch pad on monday (winds allowing). just finishing off some small plumbing &amp; wiring, which is easier in high bay.
i hope i do
if lobbying &amp; lawyers could get u to orbit, bezos would be on pluto rn
exactly
somehow, this wasn’t convincing …
i’d recommend they get their first plant working. it’s insanely difficult to reach volume production at affordable unit cost.
it’s gonna be awesome
however, even if it were 16 flights with docking, this is not a problem. spacex did more than 16 orbital flights in first half of 2021 &amp; has docked with station (much harder than docking with our own ship) over 20 times.
16 flights is extremely unlikely. starship payload to orbit is ~150 tons , so max of 8 to fill 1200 ton tanks of lunar starship. without flaps &amp; heat shield, starship is much lighter. lunar landing legs don’t add much (1/6 gravity). may only need 1/2 full, ie 4 tanker flights.
yeah
important to bear in mind that production is as fast as the slowest part out of ~10,000 unique parts in a car
spacex could do it if need be
seems like too many cooks in the kitchen
always loved those empire state photos with people eating lunch out on the beam
agreed, this is not the time to pick technology winners or losers in cryptocurrency technology. there is no crisis that compels hasty legislation.
long time
an honor to work with such a great team
sure
it will be exciting to see what new cultures humanity creates on other heavenly bodies!
due to its size &amp; ability to return science instruments even from deep space, starship will enable a whole new class of science missions
minus the lifts
there is a reason no fully reusable orbital rocket has been built – it’s an insanely hard problem. moreover, it must be rapidly &amp; completely reusable (like an airplane). this is the only way to make life multiplanetary. efficiencies of scale is why starship is so large.
higher structural margins overall are needed for reuse, plus: booster - grid fins for aero control - boostback &amp; landing propellant tanks - protecting engines from entry loads ship - body flaps for aero control - deorbit &amp; landing propellant tanks - heat shield
inevitably
over time, we might get orbital payload up to ~150 tons with full reusabity. if starship then launched as an expendable, payload would be ~250 tons. what isn’t obvious from this chart is that starship/super heavy is much denser than saturn v.
it is ~98% done, but the remaining tiles are unique shapes requiring machining
4 significant items: - final heat shield tiles for ship - thermal protection of booster engines - ground propellant storage tanks - qd arm for ship 2 weeks.
dream come true
absolutely
starship fully stacked
probably
tesla automation (deutschland) built a specialized machine to wrap the rotor with carbon fiber at precise tension. if too low, it would come loose at low temp, due to cte differences. if too high, it would snap at high temp &amp; rpm.
total coincidence! also, booster height was originally 70m, but we eliminated a half barrel for manufacturing efficiency, so now it’s …
dmtwitter
reality is total opposite of what detractors say! biggest challenge is recruiting enough people to build cars. sf bay area essentially has negative unemployment, so people at our factory have several other job offers. if they weren’t treated well, they would leave immediately!
once mechazilla is operational, winds will rarely be an issue
winds are too high today. looks like wind speed will be low enough to stack early tomorrow morning.
remaining tiles are on their way!
irony indeed
aiming to stack ship on booster today
it would be an honor to have you visit starbase
yeah, seems odd that tesla wasn’t invited
he’s shadowed me for several days so far
makes sense
yeah, they’re all good, but i particularly liked his biography of ben franklin
maybe one day
if you’re curious about tesla, spacex &amp; my general goings on, is writing a biography
i have great admiration for john’s engineering ability! what he did with armadillo was incredible. i’ve tried to convince him many times to join spacex, but he has always declined (sigh).
mechazilla will do this for future rockets, but it’s not quite ready yet
moving rocket to orbital launch pad
that is the goal. our official name is actually space exploration technologies. spacex is short form.
i do think that great design &amp; engineering of products are critical, but manufacturing &amp; supply chain require orders of magnitude more work
all 6 engines mounted to first orbital starship
i thought we had lost for sure. we were just a tiny company back then, only 1 of 4 launches got to orbit &amp; i had no money left. out of the blue, a few days before christmas, nasa calls to say we won.
just want to say thanks to those in government who fight hard for the right thing to happen, despite extreme pressure to do otherwise. therein lies the core goodness of the american state.
i do love nasa, always have
it’s true
mars looks amazing
we stole the idea from karate kid
pitch control requires more force than yaw &amp; much more force than roll. also, grid fins closer to or in the wake of the booster are less effective. however, pretty good aero control can technically be achieved with only 2 grid fins, with some effect on accuracy.
thanks sandy!
super heavy booster moving to orbital launch mount
very close to real! arms are able to move during descent to match exact booster position. catch point is off to side, in case catch fails – don’t want to hit launch mount. booster is transferred back to launch mount for next flight. designed to have &lt;1 hour turnaround.
that’s about right. civilization can be powered with a very small % of earth having solar panels.
i was asked by a reporter if i was optimistic or pessimistic about spacex’s future. that was my answer.
2008 was an extremely tough year on every level
it was difficult
raptors on super heavy
first birds weren’t real, now bugs aren’t real either!?
installing starship booster engines for first orbital flight
needs to be level &amp; match booster fittings. we will find out on ~tuesday.
i do spend a bit of time pontificating tbh
it is inspired by cyberpunk
neuralink company bar
yes
🇺🇸🇺🇸
legacy media propaganda is driving people to be violent!
can they deport me to mars?
adding voter id to the wisconsin constitution is also at stake on tuesday
yes
horrific
true
looking forward to it
the massive scale of the dem voter importation program is understood by very few
true
interesting
the violence against tesla is insane!
in process
interesting
🇺🇸🇺🇸
because criminals overwhelmingly vote democrat. the dem party cares more about criminals than their victims.
1000% what’s at issue here is control of the us house of representatives. this wisconsin supreme court race might decide the future of america and western civilization! it’s a big deal.
thanks
and they know it
nothing has changed
the last thing the institute for peace wants is peace. fate 🖤 irony.
i wonder who wrote them
reid will have many layers between himself and the organizations attacking me, but the probability is 100% that reid is funding them. 100%.
yes
yes
it was inevitable 😂
true
yeah
first of all, there are no cuts to medicaid, social security or other entitlements, unless stopping fraud is considered a “cut”. second, organizing a campaign to call for the death of someone is illegal. the organizers and funders will be found and prosecuted.
based on the videos i’ve seen so far, the worst fear of the paid tesla “protestors” appears to be having to get a real job
yes boom
i saw your post in my main timeline
hmm
cool
indivisible are criminals
you’re right
overprescription of psychiatric drugs is a real problem
vote for superjudge brad schimel in wisconsin on tuesday!! the republican house majority is razor thin and the democrats want to redraw wisconsin districts to flip the house and stop the government reforms. super important to vote for superjudge!!
it’s crazy. retirees are having their money stolen!
i wonder who wrote this
it is time to arrest those funding the attacks. arresting their puppets and paid foot-soldiers won’t stop the violence.
they literally are paid “protesters”!
maybe we should do a dance off 🕺
looking into it
haha wow
space is hard. took 4 tries to reach orbit. they can probably do it in fewer. but then it gets vastly harder to achieve truly useful reusability. only spacex has ever done that.
of course. the left lied.
no, einstein, they can get tax “refunds” and tax credits (which can be cashed) *without* paying taxes!
true
cool
who is funding and organizing all these paid protests?
sure is insanely ironic that the people shooting bullets into tesla stores, burning down cars and generally being violent are calling me a nazi when i have done literally zero violence at all 🤷‍♂️
exactly
irs refund fraud payments are one of several means used by the democratic party to attract and retain illegal immigrants in the usa. that’s why they are so opposed to stopping this! the democratic party is aiding and abetting fraudulent government payments to illegals in
exactly
democratic party voter importation
of course
interesting 🤔
wow
the goal of the left is to destroy my influence. so they relentlessly push negative propaganda about me like the fake nazi stuff and ignore anything positive. they are evil.
yes
this is nuts
true
these are the puppets, but who are the puppetmasters?
first time humans will be in polar orbit around earth launches on monday!
yeah
servers are running hot 🥵
everything is computer
true
this may be unfair to llama
✨❤️✨
a supreme court election in wisconsin might determine the fate of america
this is really cool ❤️
i know dod procurement better than i knew any part of the government before . major reform is needed. and it will happen.
true
not bad
starlink now in azerbaijan 🇦🇿!
yes
yup 🤦‍♂️
🇺🇸🇺🇸
you’re right. i should be . i got overconfident with kekius_maximus and he died.
imagine if every member of congress had a veto right on legislation that could only be overridden by a committee that meets infrequently. same thing.
actually true
even more important than the wisconsin supreme court race is the ballot initiative to add voter id to the state constitution, which will ensure integrity in elections. both are decided on april 1st. very important to vote and encourage anyone you know in wisconsin to vote!
feel free to take that on
the team is confident that social security will work much better in the future
sounds great!
yeah
since the government program isn’t working, that’s pretty much what’s happening anyway
it is hard to explain
(with myself)
good job, guys 😂
kafka understood
thank you
the power and partisanship of the dc circuit exceed reasonable bounds
nice work
has acquired in an all-stock transaction. the combination values xai at $80 billion and x at $33 billion ($45b less $12b debt). since its founding two years ago, xai has rapidly become one of the leading ai labs in the world, building models and data centers at
amazing 🤣
is this for real?
take a tequila shot every time obama said “government efficiency”
someone should do a “who said it, obama/clinton or ?” literally impossible to tell the difference!
concerning
on sunday night, i will give a talk in wisconsin. to clarify a previous post, entrance is limited to those who have signed the petition in opposition to activist judges. i will also hand over checks for a million dollars to 2 people to be spokesmen for the petition.
violently attacking an innocent person’s car is a crime
true of much of the prior administration. it was a kleptocracy.
a weak mind is easily influenced by propaganda
yup
the mind virus is growing out of his head like a mushroom
hmm
wow!
such hypocrisy
wow
as it should be 🇺🇸🇺🇸
🇺🇸🇺🇸
💯🇺🇸
hmm
applovin ceo uses grok 3
this shows why a regulatory overhaul is necessary. the burden of mountains of regulations is why the high speed rail can’t get down in california and the bridge that the ship hit still hasn’t been fixed.
🇺🇸🇺🇸
🇺🇸🇺🇸
correct
this is a job for big 🏀🏀
congratulations, scott ainsworth of green bay!
strange that the romans never managed to navigate a ship past the sahara and back over several centuries
what did they use in the southern hemisphere?
🇺🇸🇺🇸
wow
will do
wow
indeed
seniors are constantly getting scammed!
should have done it sooner
🇺🇸🇺🇸
casually
history will render the verdict
cool, is on android!
craziest thing i’ve ever seen
let’s make it happen!!
will we make mars self-sustaining before civilization loses the ability to do so? that is the critical question.
difficult, but not impossible
true
just read the instructions
you’ve gone senile
unfortunately, propaganda works
yeah
starlink now active in armenia!
starlink now available in oman!
true
exactly
people don’t shoot lasers out of their eyes to drive. just try tesla self-driving today, which just uses cameras and ai, and you will understand.
legacy media propaganda is what convinced this guy to do it. same media that convinced assassins to target the president.
because now they have to get a real job 😂
she should be fired immediately
shame on them
so true 🤣🤣
my opinion on the subject: if forced to choose between greatly improved sanitation and vaccines, sanitation matters much more. but vaccines, essentially training your immune system for battle, do work well for addressing many diseases. the essence of science is continuously
🫡 🇺🇸
many scams like this
wow
amazing
true
hop in, let’s go to mars!
congrats
tech support always happy to help
to be clear, this will affect the price of parts in tesla cars that come from other countries. the cost impact is not trivial.
❤️🚀
true
true
great
true
yup
what a coincidence 🤨
important to note that tesla is not unscathed here. the tariff impact on tesla is still significant.
it will be cool
it’s a super big deal!
exciting to announce our first million dollar award for supporting our petition against activist judges in wisconsin! next million dollar award will be announced in 2 days.
these are examples of medical fraud that the ⁩ team will fix
theme of the day
cool
just common sense
people who only read legacy news are living in a fake reality
we got a ringer here!
confirm ed martin!
high bandwidth anywhere on earth!
more of your tax dollars saved
democratic party popularity plummets
npr is extremely biased to the far left
important
it’s a taxpayer-funded arm of the dnc
true
cool
well said by
america is being strangled with overregulation
🇺🇸🇺🇸
hypocrisy
interesting
true
old school ac
exactly
turns out can’t do finance
grok now on
this is a test
at some point, the many crimes of maxine waters will catch up to her
cool
good examples of image editing
wow
cool
i noticed
true
the left is the party of violence and hate
wow
yeah
damn
disproportionately high
awesome 😎
good for
hasan is such a chickenshit retard that he blocked me 🤣🤣
same
what a jerk!
also, usagm has been renamed dept of propaganda everywhere, which is much more accurate 😂
cool
wow. just insist that it be self-funding. they already have a free building.
severe case of woke mind virus
this executive order is a super big deal: – gets rid of all of the 47 “independent” payment systems and centralizes. – makes use of the do not pay list of fraudulent entities mandatory. – shares data within government for fraud detection. – checks that funds are available
interesting
wow
yes
🇺🇸🇺🇸
wow
🇺🇸🇺🇸
probably
wow
for jeffrey goldberg, lying is like breathing. it’s what he does all day, every day.
“sell-out” would be more accurate. objectively, he is promoting a terrible game just for the money.
tonnage to orbit is all that matters. spacex will probably do over 90% of all earth mass to orbit, china around 5% and rest of world (including rest of america) about 5%. next year, spacex will probably do 95% of mass to orbit even though our competitors will also grow. in
hasan is a fraud
luttig is out of touch with reality
this needs to happen in america
daily abuse of authority by the federal judiciary, acting in stark contrast to the will of the people, is severely eroding their credibility in the eyes of public. once gone, it is never coming back. abuse of judicial authority must stop!
ignore. luttig is best friends with boasberg. not a true conservative.
wow
extremely important difference
the “financial” times can’t do finance math 😂
almost all countries have voter id
true
this will ensure honest elections
what!?
true
will be figured out soon
yup
terrible
very important!
true
exactly
crazy
not a good sign
what!?
the south african government has over 100 laws that institutionalize racism against whites and asians. that is unacceptable.
most government systems are shockingly primitive
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
yup
nice comments by piers
your tax dollars at “work”
accurate statement
carville doesn’t even know what he stands for anymore
yes
something is deeply wrong with the british “justice” system
wow
next update of poe2
yes
the flower of british youth was sent to serve as cannon fodder by a fine-dining elite, much like has happened with the ukraine-russia war
wow
she’s mentally ill
it’s a mess. dod needs something like what tesla and spacex have (warp).
there is no doubt that shooting bullets into tesla stores and burning down superchargers are acts of terrorism
!! are you ok?
true
doesn’t fit the narrative they want
he will be found and arrested
xai is the only major ai company with an absolute focus on truth, whether politically correct or not. rigorous adherence to truth is the only way to build safe ai and the only way to understand the true nature of the universe.
being out your dead!
i’d like to meet them!
good day
pretty much 😂
exactly
wow, this was just mean &amp; cruel!
interesting
🇺🇸🇺🇸
well said by
noted
interesting
people believe what the legacy media tells them. unfortunately, propaganda works.
congrats! crazy that this was ever a thing.
fact check: true 🤣🤣
best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of the atlantic magazine, because no one ever goes there
they thought that was a tesla showroom, but it was actually the dept of education. joke’s on them.
turns out that we can get radical leftists to burn down any government department if we just put a tesla logo on it! this will be so easy. they’ll never figure it out.
🇺🇸🇺🇸
wow!
congratulations!
exactly
they’re hiding their organizers and funders
true
this is insane
yup
🇺🇸🇺🇸
you are the media now
the legacy media never mentions white genocide in south africa, because it doesn’t fit their narrative that whites can be victims
wow
the democratic party is dying
the backlash against him will backfire
tesla
good question
no more loans to babies or people too old to be alive (ie stolen social security numbers)
yes
we will look back on this in a few years and realize that peace was the right option for ukraine and america. mark my words.
cool!
love that gen shinseki quote!
lovable dog ❤️. mine looks like yours but in black &amp; white.
true. each of these engines is also slightly different. raptor is evolving rapidly.
it is stable on the ground without propellant loaded, which is an improvement from og atlas
she’s neither here nor there
beatrix potter energy!
one is havanese &amp; one came from the pound
hard to tell scale, as body diameter is 9m or ~30 ft, but it looks like it could be r2d2 size in this video
so proud
raptors
hard to hide anything from the internet! yeah, we’re going to reuse much of the thrust section.
exactly. no point in an abort system on mars, so got to make the core ship super safe.
rockets &amp; spacecraft have to operate in vacuum, so maintaining pressure is fundamental. however, this can be made very safe over time imo.
there are redundant pressure control valves. it’s a new system and sn3 was simply commanded wrong. rockets are hard.
if you lose pressure control on rocket propellant tanks, you’re doomed anyway, so might as well go all in
we’re adding this here catchy tune to the music maker in the tesla!
pretty much. good news is that this was a test configuration error, rather than a design or build mistake. not enough pressure in the lox tank ullage to maintain stability with a heavy load in the ch4 tank. this was done with n2.
press any key to continue
you’re welcome!
tesla is on second rev of internal ventilator design. will post an update on this tomorrow.
yeah, about $35k with shipping &amp; taxes
bought, but spacex is spooling up to manufacture proportional solenoid valves for medtronic (confirmed as critical today with chair &amp; ceo)
first medtronic units from tesla getting installed in ny metro area. these are for worst case situations.
oh sure, good point. will discuss with team &amp; make available to buy in tesla app.
some progress
yeah, probably july 1st
hoping to roll out traffic lights &amp; stops to wide us release in a few weeks &amp; probably ww release in q3 (so many variations in each country!). very important to make sure this is done right.
homelink is 3rd party hardware that increases cost of all cars, but only some people use it, so it’s only installed upon request. long-term, garage openers are transitioning to wifi-activated.
monty python &amp; mel brooks are my all-time favorites
northwell seems to be very pragmatic &amp; sensible. impressive work in difficult circumstances.
and how to tell if someone’s a witch
so many brilliant scenes. anarcho-syndicalism!
we will see what data review says in the morning, but this may have been a test configuration mistake
it’s true 😀
air quality has a much bigger effect on health than people realize. credit to larry page for making me aware of this.
some valves leaked at cryo temp. fixing &amp; will retest soon.
high quality critical feedback from munro &amp; co is much appreciated!
sounds promising. will be interesting to see results of clinical trials.
for those who care about details
you’re most welcome! impressive work by mount sinai team.
sn3 passed ambient temperature pressure test last night, now doing cryogenic
weird that so many troll/bot accounts were activated to attack on this fake issue. wonder who’s behind it.
yeah, very important to provide c/bipap devices to *prevent* cases from becoming severe. once severe (intratracheal intubation), survival rates are low.
invasive ventilators are for worst case patients. survival rate at that point is low, as gov cuomo has pointed out. nonetheless, we start delivery of intratracheal medtronic units in nyc tonight.
exactly. moreover, all hospitals were given exact specifications of resmed &amp; philips ventilators before delivery &amp; all confirmed they would be critical.
will call when we reach mars
exactly
definitely need a wider span
yeah
yes, v close! nice work. those are v0.9 legs, so major upgrades coming. need wider span, longer stroke &amp; ability to auto-level for uneven ground or leaning into high winds.
interesting
y has next-level upgrades, especially body castings &amp; heat pump
yup
i don’t know if the child is mine or not, but am not against finding out. no court order is needed. despite not knowing for sure, i have given ashley $2.5m and am sending her $500k/year.
anyone who scrawls a swastika on a tesla has obviously committed a hate crime
for sure
true
terrorism
yes, and they will
it does
very important
utter madness!
exactly. we could have done a neighborhood by neighborhood handcrafted solution with high resolution maps and expensive sensors much sooner, but that doesn’t scale well and gets destroyed by real-world ai and cameras.
as i’ve said previously, unsupervised full self-driving teslas will be carrying passengers in austin in june and many cities in america by end of year. this will enable passenger cars to increase in utility by roughly half an order of magnitude overnight with a software update.
same playbook everywhere
that guy is full of hate
it is unequivocally a hate crime
when the radical left can’t win via democratic vote, they abuse the legal system to jail their opponents. this is their standard playbook throughout the world.
this will backfire, like the legal attacks against president trump
unreal
former federal officer sentenced for smuggling aliens and receiving bribes from cartel
easiest money you ever made! you don’t even need to be from wisconsin, you just need to get people in the state to hold a picture of (can be on a phone/device or paper) in one hand and go thumbs up with the other hand. every time you do that you get $20 and they
accurate
definitely rare
yes
thanks ❤️
wow
our illuminati is underwhelming
a crazy amount of execution is needed to get there, but i do see a path to world’s biggest company
i think about this often
precisely
🇺🇸🇺🇸
exactly
you can ask grok anything!
there are ~350m people in the us, but ~8b on earth, so it doesn’t take much of earth to overwhelm all the citizens of america
kek
yup
genius idea 😂
i love milton friedman
true
it really is
not just allowed, but encouraged by the federal government
this is why the tuesday supreme court election in wisconsin is so important nationally. the left wants to redraw the wisconsin voting districts to gain control of the us house of representatives.
you could make over $1000 in one day just by getting out the vote in wisconsin!
wow
yes, it is utterly insane. the american people would have been disenfranchised if the machine represented by the kamala puppet had won. thankfully, we have president trump.
wow
starting in 5 mins!
resending
should be fixed now
this article is unscientific nonsense
talk in wisconsin starting soon!
thanks
no prob. we care about doing what's fair &amp; just. don't always get it right, but intent is always there &amp; we make amends when wrong
per the letter, tesla paid $55/hr for *additional* services, so no.
yes, but it is false of merc news to say that tesla took advantage of low cost labor. we paid $55/hr. that is unequivocal.
we still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less &amp; less of the merc story appears to be true
merc news story about tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. tesla actually paid $55/hr.
totally agree. am told this will be fixed by thurs, maybe fri.
full height of falcon 9 boost stage on legs is ~165 ft
falcon heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as falcon 9, but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
response to a mercury news article about an injury on our premises
only heard about this today. sounds like the wrong thing happened on many levels. will investigate and make it right.
better. not there yet, but a solution is likely.
most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
three's company
dog snuggle thread on reddit. comments get really good.
excited to announce tesla's entry into automotive racing!
it's probably the ambien
definitely
full credit to the team that's doing this. all happening without any help from me.
coming soon
certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. the cheering is in good spirit.
i think so
max is just 3x merlin thrust and min is ~40% of 1 merlin. two outer engines shut off before the center does.
i love you too!
launch trajectory of japanese commercial satellite jcsat-14, enroute to 36,000 km above earth
thank goodness all are ok
yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. that's important to minimize gravity losses.
may need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
woohoo!!
rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but i'd recommend ordering a model 3 soon if you want 2018 delivery
filtering particulates from air makes a significant &amp; measurable diff to health. wd like to credit larry page with turning me on to this.
bioweapon defense mode is real this is what happens when you turn it on:
have been reviewing end of line production quality personally. slowed things down temporarily, but it's for the best.
historical precedent. mars vehicle will be metric.
next month (with a lot of other good stuff)
exactly
sides def, center maybe
naturally
falcon heavy thrust will be 5.1m lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. it's a beast...
f9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to 1.71m lbf later this year. it is capable of 1.9m lbf in flight.
no cross feed. it would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
no physical changes to the engine. this thrust increase is based on delta qual tests. it is just tougher than we thought.
max performance numbers are for expendable launches. subtract 30% to 40% for reusable booster payload.
basically current, but higher throttle setting. good performance of recent launches allows us to reduce 3 sigma reserve margin.
just posted latest max payload capabilities of falcon 9 and heavy
turns out it doesn't need securing
yes, several times
for sure :)
things like this should be purged shortly
100+ for almost everything 10+ for heat shields and a few other items.
zuck doesn't (yet) have a deep tech understanding of ai. i spend hours every week being educated by world's best researchers.
jcsat is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the droneship. next land landing in a few months.
system scan detected only 0.2% of orders with same email and physical address. those have been purged.
of course
temporary spike in some areas due to x 3rd row seat recall. should be sorted by june.
duplicates will be cancelled. max of 2 will be delivered to any one person. only ~5% of orders are 2, so speculation unlikely.
simple answer is that there just aren't many used teslas available. demand &gt;&gt; supply.
checking into it ...
will definitely do so
some places are trickier than others, but yes. that's the value of having a pica-3 heat shield with propulsive landing.
it could land on venus no problem, but would last maybe a few hours. tough local environment.
but wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond earth-moon region. wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. internal volume ~size of suv.
dragon 2 is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. red dragon mars mission is the first test flight.
a 3 should be workable, but an s or particularly an x would be better
that article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. wager right now that sun has received far more than tesla?
looks like model x resale value is holding up well :)
aiming for relaunch in 3 to 4 months, pending detailed examination and 10x refiring of a returned booster
we have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of qa. several parts being replaced as a result.
by land and sea
will be interesting to see what the meantime to hitler is for these bots. only took microsoft's tay a day.
owner video of autopilot steering to avoid collision with a truck
godot full play
have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of waiting for godot. we so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
me too!
great video history of falcon 9 by kinematic
needs latest update
activate autopilot 4x in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. and, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
not from us, but it's awesome
well, i thought tli might be upset about using their material without permission. apparently not :)
thanks
tickets to orbital hotels, the moon and mars will be a lot less than people think.
just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported tesla, spacex &amp; solarcity over the years. thank you.
thanks!
thanks for your support! looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
screen cap from the stern cam of droneship "of course i still love you"
reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. getting to space needs none.
solarcity panels produce enough zero carbon energy to charge entire tesla fleet
nickel is also in nickels
battery uses no rare earth metals. main ingredient is nickel, which is what's used to coat cutlery, so very non-toxic.
over 325k cars or ~$14b in preorders in first week. only 5% ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
yes, will go all the way to alaska
dex will do comms, but my speeches are just a conversation w the audience. no time to rehearse &amp; don't want to read from a prompter.
we will
doesn't sound right. will check into it.
we are working on enlarging the opening. aperture will be big enough for almost anything.
most telling is that the spacex propulsion cto switched from driving a porsche 911 turbo s to a model x
model x review
probably unwise
won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
sounds good
signing off from impromptu twitter ama. thanks for the suggestions. btw, we really will have more cow bells.
coming soon for all tesla cars. just an ota software update.
yes, coming this year
air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
you can do that now with s and x. will be same for 3.
correct
what's the link to that?
no, but we will need to build a factory in europe to serve long-term regional demand as fremont reaches max capacity.
no problem
will cover whole country hopefully this year
less
torque is shifted between front &amp; rear motors every ~.01 secs. traction control is way better than a normal awd. digital vs analog.
and, of course, it will have more cowbells.
model 3 will be rwd, with dual motor awd optional. even rwd will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of tesla drivetrain.
superchargers and service centers will cover all of italy later this year
definitely
should be addressed this year
only way to get enough rear passenger headroom was to move the rear roof cross-car support beam. a bike will still fit no problem.
that's not the real steering system
yes. will easily fit two child seats. three if you buy slim seats.
some tweaking underway
wait until you see the real steering controls and system for the 3. it feels like a spaceship.
won't happen. reason initial cars are delivered close to factory is to have rapid turnaround on early issues.
edge and contour refinement are ongoing. even .1mm matters.
they can. will be great for road trips and camping
it will make sense after part 2 of the model 3 unveil
a model 3 order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
in general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
there will be an optional tow hitch.
our production ramp plan should enable large numbers of non x/s customers to receive the credit.
cool, thanks!
yes, if the trend continues, before
276k model 3 orders by end of sat
model 3 design sketches
we are working on an exact date, but tesla will be in india before 3 production starts.
they will. we spent a lot of time on those.
roadster, s and x customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for 3. they deserve a lot of credit.
we will send something to everyone who ordered, but an extra gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines
yes, within a region. can't deliver to all regions simultaneously. too much complexity.
and a few other things
token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. thought maybe 20-30 people per store would line up, not 800. gifts on order.
maybe 1/4 to 1/2 of what happened. no one at tesla thought it would be this high before part 2 of the unveil.
will give an update tonight for the 3 day total, then last one on wed for the full week. all efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
253k as of 7am this morning
thanks!
now 232k orders
of course :)
giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind &amp; geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
should be within a week or two max
hi alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in tesla. i hope you have a great experience with the car.
definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
thought it would slow way down today, but model 3 order count is now at 198k. recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
model 3 orders at 180,000 in 24 hours. selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5b in a day. future of electric cars looking bright!
will include india-wide supercharger network
sure!
coming in the mail
hardware in all cars. autopilot safety features standard. convenience features optional (like s and x).
just order the spacex option package!
thanks for tuning in to the model 3 unveil part 1! part 2 is super next level, but that's for later…
yes, will cover whole country
sure is
x and s will also be available
adding several more countries to model 3 order page tonight. check for details, but will include india, brazil, sa, sk, nz, sing &amp; ireland.
model 3 orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
online ordering at will now open at 7:30pm pacific to ensure no server overload. presentation still at 8:30.
from almost anywhere
coming soon!
incredibly inspired by the interest in model 3. you won't be disappointed. also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
model 3 unveil will be webcast live at 8:30pm california time at
you will see the car very clearly, but some important elements will be added and some will evolve.
model 3 order day starting in australia
you can now buy cruise ship tickets for the arctic passage. seeing is believing.
great article by . important to note max temp record. too much attention on avg temp. max matters most
looks like we may need to increase production plans for the model 3
being fixed
sure
turn off recirc. air exits thru rear vents. snap in shade also avail from service, but i just tint the rear window.
the aei meeting wasn't secret and i was only there for a few hours to talk about mars and sustainable energy. nothing to do with trump.
congrats to deepmind! many experts in the field thought ai was 10 years away from achieving this.
spacex &amp; tesla comp is same or better than other companies. big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
spacex and tesla rated most meaningful work in high tech. also, most stressful, but that goes with the territory.
wasn't done at my request. good hacking is a gift.
rocket landed hard on the droneship. didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
target altitude of 40,600 km achieved. thanks for riding on falcon 9! looking forward to future missions.
we spoke earlier today and he said he would investigate the situation.
. spacex has not donated to any presidential campaign
evolution hasn't advanced much
mit technology review 2016
checking ...
exactly :)
pushing launch to friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic
only heard about it today. doesn't sound like they are in the right though in their dealings with our subcontractor.
launch aborted on low thrust alarm. rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
af has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. scrambling helo to get them to move.
great leg room for 3rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
yes, it actually performed better than other colors on stain tests. best not to have vented seats w kids though.
can't emphasize enough that white is the best interior. also, pick 6 seats unless you really need 7.
that said, the white interior is the best. highly recommend.
heavy use of the white causes splitting. adding backing material to strengthen. will be upgraded at no cost.
worth reposting the wait but why piece on ai. we are at the beginning of exponential growth in digital intelligence.
next gen atlas robot
coming later this year
there is no way it is only 0.5%, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as 50%.
global economy of $100t is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so imf estimate of $5t or 5% for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
just wanted to thank stu g for know it meant a lot to you. will take good care.
don't you already have a spaceship?
sigh …
yeah, that's a great one too :)
little bit
worth watching "nathan for you" on comedy central, particularly the "dumb starbucks" and "mechanic/realtor" episodes
my coffee tastes unusually good this morning
interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. that's basically what formulas are.
yes, this was done jointly with tesla and radio flyer
this baby model s really is quite fun
more details on model 3 unveil in coming weeks. that's it for now.
no signature series for model 3. same reservation amount for all.
global
model 3 reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in tesla stores on march 31 and online april 1
good point
should mention that tesla motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. this was completely independent.
love this tesla video made by
my job moonlighting as a police officer in brazil is no longer secret
must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
interesting name
i didn't take anyone's car and never would. car was actually allocated to engineering test (not by me) and inadvertently sold.
my best guess for 2016: ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more ruds to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in 2017
thanks jeff
falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it…
actually, didn't get environmental approval in time, but it was also good practice for missions where a ship is needed.
if speed at stage separation &gt; ~6000 km/hr. with a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
as mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. altitude &amp; distance don't mean much for orbit. all about speed.
steel collet
well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! won't be last rud, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing.
probably
however, that was not what prevented it being good. touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
definitely harder to land on a ship. similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating &amp; rotating.
maybe some debris ingestion. engine data looks ok. will borescope tonight. this is one of the outer engines.
conducted hold-down firing of returned falcon rocket. data looks good overall, but engine 9 showed thrust fluctuations.
next launch is a science mission from vafb california on sunday.
aiming to launch this weekend and (hopefully) land on our droneship. ship landings needed for high velocity missions
sad to hear that david bowie died. he was amazing.
in ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land &amp; not blocked by borders, eg you're in la and the car is in ny
tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. will do same in reverse for unsummon.
first baby step in tesla summon capability now downloading over-the-air with v7.1
worth reading the machine stops, an old story by e. m. forster
falcon 9 back in the hangar at cape canaveral. no damage found, ready to fire again.
high res video of landing from the helo
live video from lz-1
falcon 9 standing on lz-1 at cape canaveral
thanks!
there and back again
thanks jon!
11 satellites deployed to target orbit and falcon has landed back at cape canaveral. headed to lz-1. welcome back, baby!
background on the launch
dragon is stable in the water
acquisition of signal expected in 5 mins
4 mins to dragon loss of signal due to atmospheric entry plasma
coming in hot
astronauts land in 2 hours
however, we did prove that a superdraco landing could work by doing a propulsive hover
all correct. parachutes were originally the backup landing system, with superdraco thrusters as primary. difficulty of proving thruster landing safety *and* architecture being suboptimal for moon/mars caused us to change focus to parachutes.
great game
the simplest solution is not necessarily the most satisfying
absolutely. long-lasting art is incredibly difficult.
this bbc article provides a sensible summary for how it was done
the great pyramid was the tallest structure made by humans for 3800 years. three thousand, eight hundred years.
so true
ramses ii was 😎
aliens built the pyramids obv
ancient egypt had an incredible esthetic that stands to this day
witch logic
things we take for granted, like flying, would have had you burned at the stake for witchcraft not that long ago
cool
starship sn5 just completed full duration static fire. 150m hop soon.
🖤🧛‍♀️total eclipse of the heart 🧛‍♀️🖤
not that i’m aware of
yes. could also extend range of hearing beyond normal frequencies and amplitudes. deus ex.
neuralinks are currently meant for mature brains &amp; functionality is lost if removed. rewiring of neurons is certainly possible, but won’t make up for loss of the link.
yes, should be possible to create a neural shunt from motor cortex to microcontrollers in muscle groups &amp; restore movement even if someone has a fully severed spinal cord. first part has already been demonstrated with utah array, but not as an outpatient device.
will show neurons firing in real-time on august 28th. the matrix in the matrix.
they don’t fire all at once. some go several seconds to minutes without firing. some fire several times per second. very wide timing distribution.
congrats on a great launch!
but sometimes when we touch …
adagio for strings is great
losing it
mein herz brennt. best boss battle song ever.
robot heart is 🔥🔥
sure
sure could use a good rave what’s your favorite techno
i … i just died in your arms tonight
the rumor that bill gates &amp; i are lovers is completely untrue
yeah. display will also soon render teslas specifically as their model &amp; color instead of as a generic sedan/suv. has potential for a fun punch buggy sort of game.
we’ve been working on this for about 4 years. originally meant for rabies vaccine, but it can make pretty much anything that’s an rna sequence. critical path is completing human trials.
🎶 billy g is not my lover 🎶
sounds like he doesn’t realize tesla makes the vaccine machine for curevac
thanks for letting me know. will dig into it.
sum &gt; parts
should add a few miles of range, more in slow traffic
the government has the most money by far. they talk in trillions.
haha no one can ever have our top secret fart technology!!
sure
tesla is open to licensing software and supplying powertrains &amp; batteries. we’re just trying to accelerate sustainable energy, not crush competitors!
what he doesn’t appear to appreciate is that government is just a monopolist corporation in the limit
agreed
haha
it’s a prototype of the color
and to think i used to like bernie! 😢
maybe he’s feeling the bern haha
fuel spin valve didn’t open. will fix &amp; try again tomorrow. also, some odd tvc hydraulic pump behavior.
i was just out at the launch pad. connector damaged in the storm, but fixed now. might be able to fire tonight or at least get to the next issue.
whether commercial or government, monopolies are bad for the people
sounds great
haha
what i like most is their great sense of humor
the left is losing the middle
exactly
hold my beer
once an onion, now a rose
wow, you think about me a lot!
you dropped this
haha
giga berlin will come together at an impossible-seeming speed. the prefabricated construction method in germany is extremely impressive.
almost a decade ago. original dragon in background.
ya just can’t beat br
planet claire is 🔥🔥
fair point! will discuss with team.
he was amazing
great song
nickel is the biggest challenge for high-volume, long-range batteries! australia &amp; canada are doing pretty well. us nickel production is objectively very lame. indonesia 🇮🇩 is great!
that’s me! haha
this has a lot of potential. lithium is pretty much everywhere.
whoa cool
has to be blue steel :)
we need high brinell hardness &amp; high corrosion resistance. because of cybertruck’s faceted nature, formability is not important.
i really want to do this! will be great fun. could be both la and austin.
turning them into shade for an outdoor restaurant here in boca
cool
not impossible
those were the days! 🤣🤣
ring of fire
i know! congratulations to the people of bolivia 🇧🇴!!
the song i whistle most is strangers in the night
some of whom seriously think tesla toppled the bolivian govt (sigh)
great song
haha thanks kara :)
for sure
yeah, we’re hunkering down here until the hurricane passes
exactly!
cool model 3 review by
tesla will add a power lift gate at no cost
agreed, hydrogen fool sells make no sense
pronouns suck
also, we get our lithium from australia
yeah, would have been way better just to send everyone $6k
i bet no one on 🌹 twitter even *has* a guillotine! poseurs …
[slow drag on cigarette) facebook? haven’t heard that name in years …
🌹 twitter sucks
something like that. if politicians could legislate wealth, everyone would be a trillionaire.
these are jammed to gills with special interests earmarks. if we do a stimulus at all, it should just be direct payments to consumers.
pretty much
goal of government should be to maximize the happiness of the people. giving each person money allows them to decide what meets their needs, rather than the blunt tool of legislation, which creates self-serving special interests.
as a reminder, i’m in *favor* of universal basic income
another government stimulus package is not in the best interests of the people imo
thank you on behalf of the tesla team. we look forward to building giga texas!
something fun is coming
could be great!
that’s a great idea!
we are actually looking for revolutionary actuaries for tesla insurance! please inquire, if interested.
tbh, we are just a bit less foolish than before
especially for boost stage, which is volumetrically constrained, ch4 is way better than h2. soviet ch4 engine prototypes from 80’s were very advanced. glad to see reusability is being factored in.
basically, our pixel size
can’t emphasize this enough
absolutely
haha
agreed
my oven keeps asking for my wifi password. it’s not gonna get it.
impressive tianwen-1 mars rover mission launched by china today
good article
similar problem with us data
good point
you don’t have a soul, you are a soul
adding people in next version
2 minutes later …
just another day in 2020
individualized mass transit is the future
no, best to have people seated for safety &amp; speed of travel
coming soon
human overseen at first, then fully self-driving
can’t say, but it involves a 🐻
this one stings
where are the memes? send in … the memes …
we need to finish upgrading autopilot to 4d vs ~2.5d, then it will go up very steep slopes
nothing has gaslit more people than the movie gaslight
well said, brian williams!
great shot!
sometimes, that’s how i feel too!
will attempt to fly later this week
sound &amp; flame color will be quite different
we’re rapidly changing alloy constituents &amp; forming methods, so traditional names like 304l will become more of an approximation
at some point, we should probably do advertising as art/communication/entertainment &amp; to support high quality media
it’s almost right
we talked about an hour ago. he seems fine.
vr twitter with avatars saying the mentions 😈
we should bring life to mars
both fairing halves caught from space by ships!
nice work, spacex team!
still long way to go. reuse only matters to degree that it’s rapid &amp; complete.
too long since we were last there
launch in 20 mins
lithium is extremely common on earth. found almost everywhere.
congratulations mhi &amp; uae!
stilton
new deep crimson from giga berlin is my favorite
important to service very high latitudes
american, but born in south africa. left by myself when i was 17.
true, the 2012 model s is still a great car. was driving sn28 a few months ago and driving feel was excellent. model s remains my fav car to drive.
will discuss on wed earnings call. lots to talk about!
this looks cool
it has that potential
good article. i started the boring company as a joke, but now it’s digging real tunnels!
it’s not really set up for tours, but maybe it should
manufactured only 5 mins from lax!
some contribute more. y chromosome &amp; mitochondria are constant, except for mutations.
that is just one part of the surgery. for this to scale, it must be fully automated, like lasik.
this would solve a lot of brain/spine injuries &amp; is ultimately essential for ai symbiosis
fermi was awesome. he understood the right questions to ask.
how come hulk never loses pants!?
solving high-volume, high-reliability, low-cost production problems is especially valued
if you’ve solved hard problems with phones / wearables (sealing, signal processing, inductive charging, power mgmt, etc), please consider working at engineering.com
many
summarizes pretty much every biz school case study
it’s inevitable
excuse me, i only sell doge!
will those who write the algorithms ever realize their negativity bias?
pretty much
we better hustle with neuralink. not moving fast enough.
thanks
just stop
gigafactory is the product even more than the car
carefully hidden
sure
might be an indoor/outdoor rave space on the roof
exactly, this is a serious problem. ratio of retirees to workers is tracking towards unsustainability in many countries. an upside down demographic pyramid is unstable.
considering
small note: latch on post near base is gone &amp; powered ethernet wire is less obtrusive in production version
this thing we call “money” is just a (slow, lossy &amp; unsecure) database for labor allocation. investing is meaningless without people, at least until agi happens, which will obviate need for labor &amp; necessitate ubi.
trying to set a good example haha. mars needs people!
great work by tesla software engineering
population collapse is 2nd biggest danger to civilization after ai imo
yeah, will take less than a minute to order on when it goes live
starlink terminal has motors to self-orient for optimal view angle. no expert installer required. just plug in &amp; give it a clear view of the sky. can be in garden, on roof, table, pretty much anywhere, so long as it has a wide view of the sky.
to revolutionize space, the right metric is mass to orbit or you could translate that to # of useful satellites brought to orbit. no substitute for mass though. scale don’t lie.
exactly
tesla autopilot was literally named after the term used in aviation. also, what about autobahn!?
the strength &amp; perseverance of the people of tesla, despite facing extreme difficulties
playable on any tesla!
should do this automatically
reusability is essential. a rocket that is single use is just as absurd as a single use airplane. f9 engines already fire 3 times per flight.
wild times!
we’re being extra paranoid. maximizing probability of successful launch is paramount.
welcome anytime
well, i do care very much about sustainability of civilization, but there is some truth to the irony part haha
yes, in plan. superchargers and public high power wall connectors will keep growing exponentially every year.
i think so
doing range testing now. number will be significantly higher than 300. extremely good for any ev, especially an suv.
we have reduced pricing on model y lr dual motor &amp; will offer a lr single motor y in a few months, which improves affordability, while still keeping the product excellent
it may be able to reach 250kw at low states of charge
no, as range would be unacceptably low (&lt; 250 mile epa)
we had to increase some wire thicknesses in s/x to reduce resistive heating. technically, won’t be quite 1000 mph charging, as x especially is much bigger than 3.
hell of a ride!
thanks :)
that is the near-term danger of ai
i didn’t mind da2. da1 was awesome. mass effect 2 (talking about sequels) is amazing.
haha
maybe he should design flag of mars
in general, we need to improve how podcasts play
true haha
death is the loss of information
earning power post augmentation would easily pay for itself (if that’s even necessary). this is the best thing i can think of to ensure that collective human will decides the future.
absolutely
probably a good one to design &amp; engineer in germany
even more
berlin model y is the one to watch. that is a revolution in automotive body engineering (finally).
wow, ihop &amp; github are close
best use of the term “full stack”?
for sure. this is both great &amp; terrifying. everything we’ve ever sensed or thought has been electrical signals. the early universe was just a soup of quarks &amp; leptons. how did a very small piece of the universe start to think of itself as sentient?
sorry, should hopefully be soon!
not actually a payout, just a vesting of stock options. it may never pay out, as the stock can’t be sold for 5 years after exercise. the stock must be bought &amp; income taxes paid, then hold value for 5 years.
no easy way to answer this in a tweet, but helping with dire brain injuries is our first priority. details aug 28.
ai symbiosis while u wait
there’s some of that too
true, it sounds so surreal, but the negative propaganda is still all out there &amp; easy to find in social media &amp; press interviews, so it’s not just our imagination!
make sure to read ur terms &amp; conditions before clicking accept!
altho dumb and dumber is 🔥🔥
progress update august 28
sure
if you can’t beat em, join em neuralink mission statement
tesla china team is awesome!
words are a very lossy compression of thought
if you get past mars, the asteroids, moons of jupiter &amp; saturn, inevitably you reach uranus!
🖤✨carl sagan ✨🖤
essentially. long-term purpose of my tesla stock is to help make life multiplanetary to ensure it’s continuance. the massive capital needs are in 10 to 20 years. by then, if we’re fortunate, tesla’s goal of accelerating sustainable energy &amp; autonomy will be mostly accomplished.
thank goodness for modern medicine!
for sure
coming soon, our battle with big tequila! it’s real.
that would be next-level 🤣🤣
i bought a pair of xl
also true. haha you rock!
nailed it
thanks johnna, you too 💕
good summary
there were 268 years without war. that’s the amazing part.
yeah!
lord of the rings
looks cool
sure :)
age of napoleon, so far. the first books are a little dry. gets much better when ariel is co-author.
read the story of civilization by will &amp; ariel durant
well said
dang, we broke the website
only $69.420!!
limited edition short shorts now available at
yes haha, we will soon be short of short shorts
yeah, it’s pretty weird
yeah, but first we need to finish giga berlin and a second us giga to serve eastern half of north america
nice haha
it may have started already
it’s absurdly large
beautiful fireworks in la tonight
he is a mind virus for fools
north american supercharger usage is now at pre-covid high, europe about a week behind, china &amp; asia-pacific in general doing great
sorry to hear about this. hope you get back to orbit soon. rockets are hard.
you have my full support!
please take a moment to report accounts clearly engaged in harassment. it is the only way to maintain public discourse.
🇺🇸🇺🇸 happy 4th of july!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
that would be great
agreed, but it’s hard to ignore what is effectively a social media denial of service attack
accounts that unequivocally advocate harassment should be suspended with warning, then shut down if repeated
true
yeah, but why? i’m working on sustainable energy cars &amp; solar that help earth and making life multiplanetary, to ensure its continuance, with spacex.
thanks, that would promote good public discourse
a pseudojourno asked all his followers to spam my mentions
true
you’re a good person
to the best our knowledge, he never toured spacex. don’t know where that comes from.
i was at that vanity fair party with . don’t know ghislaine. real question is why did vf invite her?
now you’re unblocked, so stop whining
i only block people as a direct insult
yes. green card (permanent residency) is fine too for spacex, according to itar rules.
yeah, tesla app would enable you to release your car into the fleet &amp; summon it back at will
directly, my companies employ roughly 65,000 people. however, there is a massive global supply &amp; logistics chain that employs 4 to 5 times that number.
rwd is slightly more efficient, but dual motor awd is faster &amp; more agile
🤣🤣 damn, hoist on my own petard!
i don’t have an “emerald mine”, nor was i given free money from anyone, inheritance or otherwise. ashlee vance interviewed hundreds of people. ask him.
good point
thanks for hosting me in tulsa today!
this is false. i landed in montreal at age 17 with $2000, a backpack of clothes &amp; suitcase of books. my father is bankrupt &amp; has been for a long time. i inherited literally nothing from him.
she photobombed me at a vanity fair oscar party. was there with . don’t know ghislaine at all. why do you think it should be a bigger story?
greenspan is crackers, bananas, barky &amp; ten cards short of a full deck
others will probably pass human trials first, but this machine is pretty special for generalized vaccine production. was originally intended for rabies, which is a very tricky virus.
interesting
good point, we don’t
coming soon
hcl appears to be effective when used early
unfortunately, there are thousands of automotive design rule differences between us &amp; eu, including completely different charge ports. gets worse every year. not our choice.
there’s that too. deaths should be broken out as died with vs died of.
deaths continue to trend down
we’re seeing field false positives much higher than lab false positives, in range of 5% to 10%. article says testing went from 100k to 600k, which means a 6-fold increase in false positives. my guess is most cases, especially “no symptoms”, are false positives.
the news is sometimes created, but always curated. the latter is most pernicious. on any given day, there are thousands of potential stories. by picking which stories are written about &amp; how prominently they’re placed, a handful of publishers control much of the public narrative.
klippenstein has gone full twitter troll. big mistake. never go full troll!
oh yeah, klip einstein, pseudojournalist &amp; douche-about-town
someone is paying for hundreds of bots &amp; trolls to push this lame vanity fair photobomb pic. i wonder who …
🤣🤣 true
this is false. i have never introduced either of them to anyone.
sounds sketch
pretty much
haute couture
thanks!
don’t know ghislaine at all. she photobombed me once at a vanity fair party several years ago. real question is why vf invited her in the first place 🤔
thanks viv, you rock 💕
ok fine 🤣🤣
exactly
thanks tesla owners &amp; investors! love you!! we will work super hard to earn your trust &amp; support.
thank goodness! front license plates make my eyes bleed.
not bad
but sooo satisfying
sec, three letter acronym, middle word is elon’s
will send some to the shortseller enrichment commission to comfort them through these difficult times
should have a free trade agreement with us. no tariffs at all either way.
i worried we won’t be taken seriously if our short shorts have flames 🤣🤣
he wore them well. no denying it.
busted! i secretly ♥️ short shorts.
tesla will make fabulous short shorts in radiant red satin with gold trim
great interview 🤣🤣
those dang budgie smugglers!!
who wears short shorts? 🤣🤣
awesome!!
thank you. angie …
you cherry-picked one state out of fifty, which saw a minor uptick. show the whole country.
i tried to warn them … 😢
something’s messed up about medicine that’s anti-science. in science, you question everyone, no matter who they are. facts &amp; reasoning are everything, but in medicine too much emphasis is on credentials, often by people who’ve accomplished nothing but a phd thesis used by no one.
here’s one:
yes, angela, please show us the graphs/data that prove your point
i’m not building anything on ethereum. not for or against it, just don’t use it or own any.
lithium is common. hard part is turning lithium salt or clay into extremely pure lioh.
yes, at tesla grohmann
tesla, as a side project, is building rna microfactories for curevac &amp; possibly others
in principle, i think synthetic rna (and dna) has amazing potential. this basically makes the solution to many diseases a software problem.
as you’d expect, this has resulted in a proportionately very high number of c19 false positives. field test reliability we are seeing is best case 5%, worst case 50% false positive. much worse than lab accuracy.
seems fishy
🤣🤣 very true
a lot of functionality will happen all at once when we transition to the new software stack. most likely, it will be releasable in 2 to 4 months. then it’s a question of what functionality is proven safe enough to enable for owners.
going well. team is kicking ass &amp; it’s an honor to work with them. pretty much everything had to be rewritten, including our labeling software, so that it’s fundamentally “3d” at every step from training through inference.
crassus was a dick
haha awesome 🤣🤣
hell of a decade
i love texas! starship production complex is in boca chica &amp; spacex engine development has been in mcgregor for almost 18 years.
aiming for 10km with lots of turns to better approximate a real-world tunnel
you just have to be a shareholder. there is limited space, so sign up fast when we do final confirmation of date &amp; location.
wow, i’ve never seen this level of support! out of respect, seems like i should at least visit.
we need to finish building a much longer vacuum tunnel for speed tests &amp; probably have an additional competition for tunneling itself
all questions will be answered on battery day, sept 15th. will be webcast, although there is much to see in person.
tesla impact report (repost). we do everything humanly possible to source materials &amp; produce sustainable energy cars, batteries &amp; solar ethically. suggestions for improvement are always appreciated.
things often don’t translate from mice to humans, but that’s promising
likely true
starlink will provide global coverage
worth discussing at annual shareholders meeting
party on …
fixing
extremely big difference between died because of or died with. also, did the person actually have c19 or did they just have c19 symptoms? it’s almost impossible to die without feeling weakness, shortness of breath or other c19 symptoms, unless you were crushed by a falling piano.
your gps just got slightly better
this bill needs to be revoked. it gives absurd power to county bureaucrats.
if accurate, this would explain a lot
levitt is right
there are a lot of c19 false positives messing up the numbers. even tests with 5% false positive rate (in *field*, not lab) would show up as ~17 million fake c19 cases even if there were actually none.
very much agree
good hygiene always makes sense
true
cybertruck does feel like cgi irl
there are a ridiculous number of false positive c19 tests, in some cases ~50%. false positives scale linearly with # of tests. this is a big part of why c19 positive tests are going up while hospitalizations &amp; mortality are declining. anyone who tests positive should retest.
btw, tesla actually receives *least* subsidies of any automaker in us. federal tax credit applies to other automaker evs, but no longer tesla.
great model y review by
dogs rock
69 days after 4/20 again haha
physics favors electric transport, batteries for stationary storage &amp; solar/wind for energy generation
major supercharger increases are underway for the greater la area
for sure
verified should be far more widespread, simply that someone is who they claim to be
it’s a tough one. that’s why we should expand the scope &amp; scale of consciousness — to understand the nature of the universe.
jay is awesome
absolutely!
giga berlin is gonna rock!
. is a copy 🐈 haha
it’s close though 😅
this makes no sense for many other reasons too. they don’t actually have spectrum priority, they have shared spectrum &amp; nothing about this company is uk, except post office box. money would be better spent on actual uk satellite industry!
glad you like it!
great idea
who controls the memes, controls the universe
literally
only a matter of time before someone steals a tesla while playing gta on a tesla
very meta, but yes
true
coming soon
north american supercharger usage tracking to exceed pre covid highs in 2 to 3 weeks. lot of noise out there. this is signal.
i think we could make that work
glad you’re ok
exactly! a carbon tax is needed to correct the unpriced externality &amp; market will do the rest. the consequences of slow action are serious. in my opinion, we need to convert &gt;80% of the global road, sea &amp; air fleet to renewables by 2050.
looks pretty cool
could be slightly faster
two starship tanks in the midbay
special thanks to tesla trucking &amp; rail partners for figuratively &amp; literally going the extra mile
apologies to tesla customers for shifting delivery dates. it’s a crazy world out there!
yes, it is designed to serve the least-served
yes, although starlink works best for low population density situations
canada is a major priority for starlink!
september sounds about right
well said by
takes longer to get regulatory approvals in europe, plus way more diverse traffic signs, lights &amp; road rules
timing is uncertain, given externalities, but yes
congratulations!
very much disagree with this action. in my experience, these skillsets are net job creators. visa reform makes sense, but this is too broad.
will be changed to $3k until july 1st
tentative date for tesla shareholder meeting &amp; battery day is sept 15. will include tour of cell production system.
done. now $2k via in-app purchase.
reminder that tesla full self-driving (fsd) price goes up by $1k on july 1st
enabling basic tesla autopilot via tesla in-app purchase is reduced to $2k until july 1
all patched up!
entirely possible. social media is a limbic amplifier, which inherently destabilizes civilization.
ensure future of earth &amp; extend life sustainably to other planets
probably early q4
2019 seems so quaint &amp; long ago
there are no signs of intelligent life
luck is the best superpower
that is our purpose
we must pass the great filter
that’s how she likes it …
agreed, although best is no out of service stalls
mars is my souldog
if heat death is the end of the universe, it really is all about the journey
best definition of innovation i’ve ever heard
all good
will follow up by tomorrow
sure
will do. i play pc, so missed some of console exclusives.
haha sure
deus ex / half-life 2 / bioshock / mass effect 2 / fallout 3 &amp; new vegas / saints row iv
there will be a subscription, but it will be economically better to have bought fsd
this would be a good time to upgrade to fsd, as it goes up by $1k on july 1. we could make it $7k to upgrade to fsd until july 1 (even if you don’t have basic autopilot). does that sound good?
this does sound excessive. will look into it.
just us being fools, but free supercharging forever is not coming back to any vehicles. it’s not a good incentive structure.
haha teslas all the way down
maybe, will look into it. we’d need to emulate a tv.
we could probably make a fun punch (click) buggy game, with extra points for rare teslas
bought based on your review. it’s great!
the was not to outcompete other companies, but rather to maximize usefulness &amp; rate of progress in the absolute
for example, we created a chip design team from scratch for the tesla full self-driving computer, which is not something car companies do
tesla should really be thought of as roughly a dozen technology startups, many of which have little to no correlation with traditional automotive companies
we are putting a lot of effort into improving the tesla china experience with local engineering &amp; great feedback from tesla owners in china!
cool, lmk what we can do to improve the product, especially vehicle software/firmware, app &amp; overall interaction with tesla, as these changes can immediately improve the entire fleet
feels so long ago
pulling up to the petersen
nice
we will add one more pto day after the annual review next quarter
it will look a little odd
probably fremont
probably good to combine them, since they are converging in time. i’m hopeful we can announce a date after the july 4th week.
yes, but we will have to postpone annual shareholder meeting, as still no large gatherings allowed by july 7th. not sure of new date, but am guessing maybe a month or so later.
stop by the petersen is you’d like to see cybertruck irl! lots of awesome cars &amp; bikes there. definitely worth seeing with or without cybertruck.
it does require use of a paid-time-off day, which is true of many other holidays
juneteenth is henceforth considered a us holiday at tesla &amp; spacex
moving fast
opening in about two weeks
confirmed
we are considering several options
tesla has an option to purchase this land, but has not exercised it
renewable energy is happening fast
comes standard with cybertruck
not sure. they’re pretty close together.
it will be real
maybe incat
there will be many test flights before commercial passengers are carried. first earth to earth test flights might be in 2 or 3 years.
we need to be far enough away so as not to bother heavily populated areas. the launch &amp; landing are not subtle. but you could get within a few miles of the spaceport in a boat.
directionally correct, but zenit is an order of magnitude smaller than starship system &amp; doesn’t come back &amp; land
us law requires at least a green card to be hired at spacex, as rockets are considered advanced weapons technology
pretty much
maybe some flextape
no problem, we can buff it out
fairing reuse is looking good
so where are the aliens?
no larger pack model 3 is in development
actually, we’ve made slight changes, but the range improvement is &gt;90% efficiency
cool
physics doesn’t care about politicians
coming soon
all model s cars made since late jan have 402 mile range. this is just making it official.
tesla model s now first ever electric vehicle to receive epa range rating above 400 miles!
absolutely
china &amp; asia pacific supercharger usage above pre-covid highs. north america catching up fast. europe slightly behind.
looking likely
throttling is done by adjusting flow to the ox and fuel preburners. the lower limit of thrust is ox &amp; fuel turbopump injector preburner “stiffness”, essentially when do the preburner elements start flaming out.
tank didn’t burst, but leaked at 7.6 bar. this is a good result &amp; supports idea of 304l stainless being better than 301. we’re developing our own alloy to take this even further. leak before burst is highly desirable.
yeah. merlin, using a single pintle injector with cold, liquid propellant, needs a longer chamber than raptor, which uses a large number of coaxial injectors, despite merlin being less than half thrust. propellant enters raptor chamber as hot gas that’s already mixed.
that’s the goal. there a few known weak points on this test tank, probably capable of more pressure. the second test tank to follow shortly has addressed the weak points.
accurate
sure
around 20ms. it’s designed to run real-time, competitive video games. version 2, which is at lower altitude could be as low as 8ms latency.
it will get even simpler. just two instructions for starlink: plug in &amp; point at sky. can be done in either order.
congratulations kathy!
acceptable, if your drivetrain is very efficient &amp; you add a little manga
as foretold by
stonks
exactly. chartering a dedicated 747 flight around the world costs less than buying a small, single engine turboprop plane. in the same way, a giant reusable rocket flight is way cheaper than a tiny expendable rocket that can be used only once.
true
battery industry is world champion at bs. “lithium-ion” doesn’t really mean anything. what matters is cathode &amp; anode material. there are many choices, but nickel cathode with carbon-silicon anode works great.
i thought this was an onion article
staggeringly dumb
i got the fuel cell question about 8000 times
it’s getting biblical
exactly, fuel cells = fool sells
renewable energy passed coal in april
worth considering
agreed
catapults are a great way to get somewhere fast
great point. many articles are retweeted based on headlines that don’t match the content.
actually, we’re on sn30 for raptor
sure. that’s long montage 🤣🤣
❤️ the laser beam long exposure shots
hundreds of improvements in manufacturability primarily (this is by far the hardest problem), mass down, thrust up, isp up. current improvement list continues past sn50. as the saying goes, it’s 1% inspiration &amp; 99% perspiration …
also, insulation of a deep cryogen( which i’d call anything that liquifies nitrogen aka 78% of air) is heavy &amp; prone to heat leaks. h2 is hell.
tesla factory workplace safety is 5% better than industry average for manufacturers &amp; improving fast
important technical note: due to higher o/f of ch4 vs rp1 (oxygen is dense) &amp; significant density increase of subcooled ch4 (plus no common dome insulation needed), plus cryo strength bump of ch4, tank mass of ch4/o2 stage is almost same as rp1/o2.
after which they are recycled
tesla batteries are lasting much longer than 200k miles / 320k km
moreover, energy produced by tesla solar deployments far exceeds energy used in our factories
electric cars produce *much* less co2 than fossil fuel cars, taking both electricity emission &amp; vehicle production into acount
posting tesla impact report, this time with summary points &amp; charts in my reply tweets
haha. will post summary.
combined with spacex deep subcooling of propellants to near liquefaction temp of n2, use of common dome (ch4 &amp; o2 liquid at similar temps) &amp; higher t/w of engines enables de facto higher delta-v than an h2/o2 stage
quite a piece! i should credit soviet/russian engine work in the 80’s as being a factor in deciding to switch from h2 to ch4. they demonstrated excellent performance on test stands, with isp up to 380 secs.
wort reading the whole thing
we shall see …
maybe i should retweet the top four or five point. what caught your eye the most?
good point!
(formerly) mainstream media has systemic negative &amp; political bias about almost everything. reading major newspapers makes you feel sad &amp; angry. that’s why they’re being crushed by . likes/retweets of old media are extremely low. ironic article:
size matters
sure seems that way 🤣🤣
bad incentive structure
we’re working on new legs. wider stance &amp; able to auto-level. important for leaning into wind or landing on rocky &amp; pitted surfaces.
forward thrusters are to stabilize ship when landing in high winds. if goal is max payload to moon per ship, no heatshield or flaps or big gas thruster packs are needed. no need to bring early ships back. they can serve as part of moon base alpha.
absolutely
outcome-based contracting with multiple competitors is vastly better than cost-plus (especially if sole-sourced), as the former rewards results &amp; latter rewards waste. outcome contracting should be applied broadly within government. the difference in results will be incredible.
wow, this is extremely important!!
autopilot prime directive is: don’t crash. what seems fast to humans is slow to a computer. 360 degree low light vision &amp; sonar, plus forward radar enable to be superhuman. upcoming software upgrades will increasingly show the potential.
good point
and those who weren’t expecting a ternary joke
yeah. even stacking on the pad will be quite an adventure!
creating the production system is &gt;1000% harder than building one rocket. this is the truly hard thing.
it’s insane
pursuing all three. hard to say right now.
gateway to mars
lot has happened since then!
3600 tons of propellant, almost 80% of which is densified liquid oxygen
haha true
yeah, for super heavy stacking
giant high bay coming soon
starship production complex boca chica, texas
what a cute &amp; happy dog!
big line at the barbershop
thursday
i guess more people need to get more involved in the party primaries (which is a chore)
the gerontocracy is out of touch with the people
selling weed literally went from major felony to essential business (open during pandemic) in much of america &amp; yet many are still in prison. doesn’t make sense, isn’t right.
this will probably get me into trouble, but i feel i have to say it
good point haha
order a tesla online in 2 mins at
methalox is the right propellant. should be staged combustion &amp; highly reusable.
about a dozen transfer windows, so ~25 years
defending one’s home is fair
you can now play videos on most tvs from your phone
true
unfortunately, meta/facebook/instagram is highly skilled at taking advertising credit for traffic that actually comes from our platform (sigh)
having babies is a “right-wing plot” to save humanity from extinction 😂
i’m not quite the target audience, but nonetheless very impressive indeed!
outrageous
true
the usa only has ~4% of earth’s population. just 1% of earth moving to america would overwhelm essential medical and other services. it’s not sustainable. as always, i’m very much in favor of *legal* immigration. anyone smart, hardworking and honest should be welcome here.
the young on the left are obviously already openly antisemitic. as they grow in seniority, this will become the entire left.
12 years ago
i go to wherever the problem is
over 300 landings later …
that was tough
worth hearing this lecture by
great!
he is not exactly a terrifying opponent
the local insurgency to russian occupation would be extreme in any region that isn’t russian-speaking and part of the orthodox church. taking western ukraine or the baltics would also cause full nato mobilization, with a very bad outcome for russia. they know that.
based
yeah, obviously
ron is a very smart man, with an outstanding track record for a long time. it is wise to listen to anyone who fits that description.
whether russia ultimately takes odesa/odessa is the only remaining question, in my opinion. russia for sure will not rest until all oblasts incorporated into the russian constitution (donetsk, kherson, luhansk and zaporizhzhia) are taken. that is their stated policy.
the onion stopped being funny several years ago. woke is 💯 fatal to humor.
yeah (sigh)
haha amazing
your optimism is a breath of fresh air!
also, that stormtrooper armor seems about as effective as wearing a thong
15 years ago … before s3xy &amp; cybertruck
good grief 🤦‍♂️
we need to make legal immigration much easier and faster
thanks george ❤️ we redirected everyone who wasn’t building cars to delivering cars – legal, finance, hr, designers, everyone. i personally delivered many cars. tesla was out of cash, so it was a case of deliver or die. the team delivered.
tesla china team is great
amazing
definitely not
good for him
exactly
men are favoring hedonistic sex over children too much
interesting
this is insane. the forever war.
good for him
covid broke him
it is broken, you’re just used to using broken. timeline view has too much noise. poor use of pixels.
better
it won’t get rolled out until i approve it. not right yet.
if birth rates continue to plummet, human civilization will end
i hope it turns around
that is a great wish! seconded.
quite a thread
make comedy legal again!
will try it
it’s awesome
this would be crazy!
these numbers do seem weirdly low
looks awesome. i’d buy one for sure.
we did stop a lot of bots, but hopefully very few real humans
nice
honored to meet with premier li qiang. we have known each other now for many years, since early shanghai days.
sounds like they will make it through ww3
good for him!
model 3 performance is epic
yup, definitely the kind of thing magneto would say
uh … what?
true
i never knew what asana did until today. why would anyone pay money for functionality that comes for free on your phone?
i wonder why the whole freemason thing declined so much. didn’t they used to be the illuminati? maybe their rates were too low – like free is just obviously not a sustainable business model.
so far, increased income has led to a *decreased* birth rate. robot babysitters are a sure thing.
tesla will spend around $10b this year in combined training and inference ai, the latter being primarily in car. any company not spending at this level, and doing so efficiently, cannot compete.
one way or another, any group of people must procreate or they will disappear, remembered eventually only by archeologists
individual restrooms are the right move for minimizing restroom wait times
facebook is a blight on the face of humanity
add your podcast to 𝕏 for vastly greater viewership!
if you teach that “weak makes right”, then the perceived stronger party – in this case, israel – is wrong. morals should be taught in the absolute, meaning that it is possible for either the strong or weak to be morally good, depending on their actions.
true
wild that this works so well
an incredible epoch of aerospace
true
damn, this goes hard
digital superintelligence, like a brilliant child, cannot be controlled by its creators, but we can decide what values to teach it, what to prune and what to nurture. that is why i am so concerned about the wokeness and deliberate lying for political correctness being programmed
from what i hear, every kid is using ai for their homework already
a literal dick measuring contest would be 🔥🔥🤣🤣
lmaooo
😂 probably true
the system is supposed to be counting unique verified users, but subtracting users that seem to be bots. it’s imperfect. will discuss with team this week.
this is messed up
true, we’re working on it
you’re welcome
magneto strikes again
the guardian is down by 2/3 since 2020
surely demanding overthrow of the government in germany is illegal?
he knows what he’s talking about
haha true! challenge accepted.
a lot time ago, the guardian was sometimes good. now, it is utterly unreadable and constantly begging for donations to survive.
i’m fine if a “sci-fi” story has rules that are basically just magic, like “use the force”, but it should at least remain internally consistent and not assert that it adheres to actual physics
very troubling
has she looked in the mirror?
most people have not met 3+ sigma violent humans, so cannot understand them, instead projecting their own non-violent mindset onto them. unless you’ve at least read many interviews with people who have uncontrollable violent behavior, you cannot model their mindset. 🤗
the problem with “great replacement theory” is that it fails to address the foundational issue of low birth rates. record low birth rates are leading to population collapse in europe and even faster population collapse in most of asia. immigration is low in asia, so there is no
as cathie wood states, tesla is the biggest ai project on earth
yeah
wow, which law firm?
does seem strange that there is no effort to unmask or otherwise identify everyone in the group
it’s not porn, which has been readily available from the days of vhs tapes, but rather the general temptation of the online world, if you’re going to blame it on anything electronic. sex is not what matters. lots of people are having sex that have no kids. population implosion
yeah
i have seen no evidence of aliens. if i did, i would 💯 post about it on 𝕏 instantly! spacex has almost 6000 satellites in orbit and not once have we had to maneuver around aliens. 👽
yeah!
hoaxception
that would be so perfect
dustin, wd u lik sum t?
euphemism treadmill never stops
cool
try out tesla supervised full self-driving and you’ll be amazed!
they have empathy for the criminals, but not for the victims
sorry, i was laughing too hard to read the screen properly 🤣🤣
“they’re made of meat” is hilarious
i’d like to apologize to dustin moskowitz for calling him a “retard”. that was wrong. what i meant to say is that he is a pompous idiot whose his head is so far up his own ass that he is legally blind. i wish him the best and hope that someday we can be friends.
agi will come first, but there are many levels of agi. as ’s charts suggest, we are at the very beginning of intelligence. humans are the biological bootloader for digital superintelligence and we may serve as a backup plan for intelligence, given that humans are far
yeah, dustin is the one who should go to jail for impersonating a smart person
what a retard
same
the point of creator payouts is to incentivize high quality content on 𝕏. in some cases, we are seeing the opposite, where people are spamming the system to generate ad money. that is obviously not ok.
yeah
absolutely
what does victory look like?
what more do we need to do to improve communities?
good point. grok autorespond bot incoming.
sigh
ad revenue sharing will be paused for some creators pending investigation into use of bots to spam likes, replies, dms, etc
😂 technically, that is true, but it won’t move the needle much. the long-term problem is shifting trillions of tons of carbon from deep underground to the atmosphere. that will eventually have an effect that will be extremely difficult to reverse.
we need to preserve and make accessible as much knowledge as possible. so much has been lost over the past 5000 years.
yes, inflation causes prices to rise, but not value, so it amplifies the capital gains tax. this applies to everyone who owns a house. even if your house value is the same when adjusted for inflation, you will still pay a capital gains tax even when there is not a true gain.
great interview with !
a booster catch attempt is highly likely this year. for the ship, we need to be sure that it will survive reentry and retain aero control authority, so that means at least 2 successes landing at a precise point in the ocean.
really? is there a legal investigation?
we believe version 12 is ready for supervised fsd in lhd countries. rhd will take a bit longer.
it will become obvious over time that you can do anything on 𝕏, so features like this will be taken for granted
the critical fermi “great filter” threshold is mars being able to survive and grow if the resupply ships from earth stop coming for any reason. at that point, we will be a true multiplanet civilization.
cool
maybe mayorkas is grumpy about the fact that i think he should be impeached for ushering in vast numbers of illegals by any means possible, while simultaneously making legal immigration almost impossible 🤷‍♂️
it’s crazy
it’s just docking with ourselves. not trivial, but certainly easier than docking with the space station, which is far more complex.
it’s a big deal
full &amp; rapid reusability of booster &amp; ship and orbital refilling of ship are the 2 fundamental technologies we aim to solve by the end of next year. those are the critical pieces necessary to make life multiplanetary.
yeah
a few other suggestions off-the-cuff: foundation series moon is a harsh mistress and the first 2/3 of stranger in a strange land starhammer (partly inspired halo) stainless steel rat
there are actually a lot of ways to interpret the word “cathode”, but, for those who make batteries/cells, it is the side with metal and the anode is the side with carbon and/or silicon
good list
best illustration i’ve seen
the fazebook logo that jumps all over the video is super annoying
cool
it’s not an obvious move
babe, tell me the truth …
yeah
needs an “eat me” sign
burglary in san francisco and oakland is limited only by how many hours thieves are willing to work. literally!
i’ve heard that ayahuasca can lead to deep personal insights
indeed (sigh)
yeah
cool
most of history had and still most of the world has “might makes right” as the axiomatic error. if any thought is given to it, you should obviously consider morality in the absolute! deeds done determine good or bad, not whether one party is stronger or weaker than the other.
the axiomatic error undermining much of western civilization is “weak makes right”. if someone accepts, explicitly or implicitly, that the oppressed are always the good guys, then the natural conclusion is that the strong are the bad guys.
😂 have to give them props for comedy
vast majority of people have no idea this works
fixed in 12.4. the 12.3.x releases are very minor changes.
you’re welcome. free speech is only real if people you don’t like can say things you don’t like.
absolutely true. the legacy media is a biden/democrat cheering squad. there is a massive double-standard.
there needs to be a bipartisan commission to review judicial and prosecutorial misconduct nationwide. public faith in the judicial system must be restored!
yeah
that was so weird. where exactly did they take all the mentally ill drug addicts? there are normally several thousand on the streets of san francisco. the streets were suddenly and immediately cleaned up. never seen that before.
absolutely true! “the evidence is overwhelming that the majority of people on the street are there because of untreated mental illness or addiction, which leads people to use all their money to support their drug habit and be high, rather than work.”
it may technically be on the books, as many other laws are that are not enforced, but ask anyone in sf if the police will actually show up if you’re threatened by someone on the street, but were not physically harmed (because you outran them).
not an uncommon sentiment
very common occurrence
late last year, several 𝕏 employees were threatened by a guy with a machete outside the walgreens on market st in sf. they didn’t report it, because that doesn’t constitute an arrestable crime in california. that guy later killed 3 people.
quite a story
people want the truth
indeed
three prior felony convictions. for how much time was he incarcerated? makes no sense to release someone with extremely violent recidivism. empathy for him, but cruelty to his future victims, is actually negative true empathy.
yeah
the degree to which people directly contradict themselves is remarkable!
while many other countries are worse, america is trending towards extinction!
cell phone and laptop batteries use cobalt, but most electric cars use none. those that do use cobalt, use very little, as the cathode is primarily nickel, which performs better and costs less than cobalt.
cool, i hope it’s good
yeah
their audience will continue to decline
starlink now available in micronesia!
cool
this administration will not describe what victory looks like, because there is no overlap between what is politically acceptable to say and what is actually possible to achieve.
i would be happy to testify
whoa
concerning
hope she’s ok
accurate thread
indeed
crazy
yeah
from censoring on the inside to censoring from the outside 😂
that would be awesome
people want the truth
good chance this actually happened!
amazing amount of useful work by the spacex team
exactly
yeah
cool
the reason the border is open is to import as many dem votes as possible
good to know
yeah
dubai is great and i was impressed with qatar when i visited for the world cup (incredible game!)
no choice
this graph illustrates the woke mind virus taking over legacy media. same happened with online media and the education system. then it spread to other countries. infection rate almost 100%. but now it will die.
humans have trouble internalizing responsibility
😂 everyone and their cat thinks this
does seem unfair
i mean … you’re probably right, but dang things are moving fast already!
“censorship commissar” is a much more compelling title
concerning
good quest
true
congratulations
congrats team on 300 rocket landings!
you can be fined for posting a video?
war will come whether we want it or not
12.4 is a major improvement and 12.5 is a whole other level
you are right!
now is vastly better than the past!
why is it race-based, rather than income-based? the former is by definition racist.
mosquitoes are evil
games from japan are still good, because they don’t ruin the art with woke dei lies
yeah
tesla has now created over 30,000 manufacturing jobs in california!
yeah
absolutely. she is an enemy of the people of australia.
yeah
yeah
and weapons are mid
yikes
yeah
yeah
to add to the confusion, the ira credit *does* apply to a leased model 3 long range, which is why the lease price is lower than a model 3 performance
the landscape has evolved much faster than it is possible to change a massive supply chain and production system
whoa!
yeah
𝕏 is the only one standing up for the rights of australians
model 3 is quicker than a porsche 911
the australian people want the truth. 𝕏 is the only one standing up for their rights.
this platform is their biggest competitor
sigh
this woman has utter contempt for the australian people
weird
great wisdom
buy both!
morgan freeman is awesome
just a scratch
even them
that annoying instagram logo keeps popping up in videos. makes things worse.
yeah
the movie anchorman is basically a documentary
yeah
starship is the largest flying object ever made
yeah!
the car business is tough
accurate
yeah
damn
cybertruck might be needed for a robotaxi in san francisco 😂
it really is
looks good
well, no president, prime minister or judge has authority over all of earth! this platform adheres to the laws of countries in those countries, but it would be improper to extend one country’s rulings to other countries. if he want to censor things in other countries, he should
at risk of being repetitive, we have actually blocked the content in question for australian ip addresses, pending legal appeal, and it only exists on servers in the usa. by the way, there’s a great podcast about the guy after whom tasmania is named:
wow, this is wild
i did, but now i feel weird about it
i do not think i’m above the law. does the pm think he should have jurisdiction over all of earth?
that is exactly the issue. should the esafety commissar (an unelected official) in australia have authority over all countries on earth?
major milestone
the notification tab is currently in chronological order only. we’re working on a ranking option there, like for you vs following.
biggest ponzi scheme ever. maybe ai and robots will save it though.
sometimes it takes a while for the npcs to download a software update lol
quite the change
absolutely
yeah, wouldn’t be believable if it were fiction. a giant rocket that is the heaviest flying object ever made and it’s on a beach down by the river 😂
tesla is the lowest cost car to maintain
cool
wow, this is next-level!
our concern is that if any country is allowed to censor content for all countries, which is what the australian “esafety commissar” is demanding, then what is to stop any country from controlling the entire internet? we have already censored the content in question for
just want to understand clearly: are you requiring this platform to censor content globally, even when that content is made inaccessible to australian ip addresses and the content is stored only on servers in the united states?
algorithm improvements coming soon
spacex literally shoots rockets past the sky every couple days
so where does the money go?
lasers can do anything
good
nice
might happen
this will happen more and more
james is largely correct. we know roughly what the car will do in 3 to 6 months. when a more advanced ai model is trained, it will have several breakthroughs, but also dozens of bugs where it performs much worse. takes a few months to fix those bugs and complete safety tests.
don’t take my word for it, just ask the australian pm!
wars will become almost entirely drone v drone
interesting
exactly. the ads were far too generic – could’ve been any car.
maybe
sounds like he has rediscovered why we need police!
i’d like to take a moment to thank the pm for informing the public that this platform is the only truthful one
it is absurd for any one country to attempt to censor the entire world
poor bot
toasty
i have seen no evidence for aliens and, with ~6000 satellites orbiting earth, i think i would know
this is not a question of being “over tucker” or not. i don’t agree with his views here, but he does make good points at times. if we excluded people because they held some irrational (in my view) beliefs, there would be almost no one left.
yeah
sigh. will review with team.
and far fewer japanese people died from the atomic bombs than would have died in an invasion
coming
exactly
so easy to make nuclear bombs with modern materials and other technologies. am surprised anyone has trouble doing it.
suicidal empathy
yeah
time to make crime illegal again
major breakthrough. they used logarithms and slide rules to design the saturn v moon rocket.
yeah
true
yeah
incredible, even today
common experience
the child miner thing is false. giant mining equipment, which is required for moving millions of tons of ore, is extremely expensive. it is not mined by kids with spoons.
yeah
now say why
robbery in most of america is out of control
conservation of energy for the win yet again
true
home garbage recycling is pointless. if it mattered, they could just sort the garbage at the dump. recycling of lithium-ion batteries, however, is economically sensible, as a dead battery is essentially super high grade ore.
true
livy a little
good question
sigh
robbery in la is out of control
you know the joker is running things when the law-abiding are being prosecuted by the government for not hiring criminals! [insert sheetz pun]
nice work by several teams
true
does make you feel sorry for the bots
and this is after sheetz had to struggle for years with a challenging brand name!
humans don’t shoot lasers out of their eyes to drive, although that would be kinda cool
terminator was a great movie, but had some *major* plot holes if you think about it for even a split second!
large construction projects are de facto illegal in california. that is the heart of the problem.
i wish the best for the people of brazil
holding hostage?
true
because he is against the will of the people and, therefore, democracy
this is crazy
just trying to follow the law in brazil
how much would it cost?
other cars change prices constantly and often by wide margins via dealer markups and manufacturer/dealer incentives. only a fool thinks the “msrp” is the real price. tesla prices must change frequently in order to match production with demand.
yeah
a tesla can float briefly
to be clear, 𝕏 is only trying to follow the laws of brazil without favor or disfavor to any political candidate
he went too far
will address
lot of work to achieve that, but yes
aliens
my politics are (i think) fairly moderate anyway. - safe cities - secure borders - neutral judiciary - sensible spending - pro environment
nice
yeah
just congress?
coming soon
nice to see you at work ❤️
forward links to make sure your friends know what’s really happening
interesting
my biggest concern is that there is no exit strategy, just a forever war where kids die in trenches from artillery or charging machine guns and snipers through minefields.
crazy
they want to bankrupt 𝕏 brazil
that is the probable good outcome
yeah
yeah
a return to reasonableness and due process under brazilian law is the right thing to do
for adults too
accurate
doing our best
much of humanity seems intent on going extinct
shellenberger eloquently describes the severity of the situation in brazil and the appropriate remedy
the software must have exactly 420 lines of code on this auspicious day
wow, that is a great way to wake up in greece!
absolutely disastrous
yeah
true
yeah
exactly
that is a major concern
surreal
whoa 😮
intense movie 😳
legacy media is ideologically aligned with npr
this is crazy
yeah
improvements to notes
it may be possible very soon
pretty good approximation. so much blood, sweat &amp; tears went into creating those pumps by a super talented team.
😂 the machine of government
yeah
no, just that new credits would not be earned until we launch a future referral program, which is a few months away
indeed, the winds of free speech blow the foul stench of corruption away a little more each day
that would be assassination by legislation
is the civil war movie good?
yeah, those are my only two objections. adults have the right to do whatever they want to themselves, but leave kids and freedom of speech alone.
your subscription is much appreciated. the days ahead for defending freedom of speech will be tough.
and the gas savings are very real. that’s why so many uber drivers use tesla!
if it’s being pushed by schiff it’s a scam
seriously next-level
turns out that free speech is actually very expensive
unfortunately, very heavy tesla obligations require that the visit to india be delayed, but i do very much look forward to visiting later this year.
12.4 is a big release. should arguably be 13.
almost everywhere on earth had slavery for thousands of years and some places still do. the drive to end slavery on a worldwide basis was spearheaded by britain in the early 1800’s.
wow, bill maher hits the bullseye 🎯
feels that way for sure
wow, many great people passing away … rip
the goal is to bankrupt 𝕏 brazil
true
rookie numbers
the comments are funny 😂
i’m just talking about people running massive bot spam operations that unequivocally reduce the quality of content
yeah
yeah
yeah
same
difficult times
poor guy
impressive
yeah
who is karen swisher?
the australian censorship commissar is demanding *global* content bans!
another major attack on the first amendment by this administration
exactly
it is a root vulnerability, but i don’t think the answer is to engage in reciprocal bans
mad insurance regulation &amp; extremely high litigation costs are the root causes
in my opinion, tiktok should not be banned in the usa, even though such a ban may benefit the 𝕏 platform. doing so would be contrary to freedom of speech and expression. it is not what america stands for.
the opposition to free speech (under the guise of “hate speech”) in america by hard left activists is much greater than most people realize
botting for fake engagement
the main issue is reducing the quality of user experience. it’s fine to “engagement farm” with compelling content, but not with spam.
where did everyone go? 🤔
yeah
grok groks
as it turns out, future versions of raptor will ultimately exceed 700k lb-f! honing t/w, isp and reliability are much harder than thrust though. rocket engines desperately want to explode.
we will use grok to detect, remove and trace to source the engagement farming spam
good post
true. maxwell is underrated.
any accounts doing engagement farming will be suspended and traced to source
you’re right
yeah
plot twist
yeah
exactly
great
we should send rockets not at each other, but rather to the stars
big deal if real
improved ad performance
yeah
if they keep this up, he might be forced to wag his finger!
our tax dollars somehow also blowing up our tax dollars
seems pretty good tbh
it’s a good idea
“they closed due to rampant robbery!” [gets robbed] 😂
true 😔
it’s a real problem!
absolutely
crime is out of control
ironically, gdi pushes disinformation and should be shut down, with recriminations for the miscreants
de moraes absolutely interfered with the brazil elections
improved advertising
unjust
exactly
great
if maximizing free speech within the bounds of the law, a traditionally liberal value, is somehow “far right”, then i guess i am 🤣🤣
nice
every time i hear about gpu flops
who were the flight crew? they should be ashamed of themselves.
i dunno. i have more faith in the people.
she’s evil
katherine maher is blatantly racist and sexist – one of the worst human beings in america
given the relentless attacks on free speech, i am going to fund a national signature campaign in support of the first amendment
cool
not bad
highly recommend this book!
what is that strange gesture he was making? pull my finger?
wow, this is insane
fond memories
starlink streams live during a tornado!
concerning that less than 1/3 of f-35s, the most advanced us fighter are fully mission capable
first part is true. still waiting for the second part 😂
odd that they are so selectively releasing statistics
they released the killer into the us!?
this will increasingly be the case
interesting
now you know part of why it turned into
yeah
this needs to change. she is incredibly racist and sexist.
that’s literally the point of wikipedia
fred astaire in anything
i like it
rofl
mayorkas’s pants are on fire
yes. i watched the videos from the case and he was clearly acting in self-defense. those guys would have killed him.
yeah
certifiably insane
the law broke the law
i wonder how far back it was that the mind virus took over her brain. probably college, but maybe earlier in high school.
works on their “child safety” team …
true
yikes
impressive
civilizational suicide
the massive spending is unsustainable
there were no injuries or accidents because of this. we are just being very cautious.
definitely. it’s ok for a commercial media orgs to have political bias, but not taxpayer-funded orgs!
this is incredibly messed up
yeah
the censorship actions against elected representatives demanded by violate brazilian law
surely this is illegal?
the 𝕏 japan team is great
exactly
indeed
an odd thing to do
true
this is doom
makes me fear for the future of humanity
yikes!
super-powerful ai programmed in this way has severe civilization-level risk
understandable
people want to know the truth
inevitable
unconscionable
you’re right!
this sounds about right
haha amazing
easy to predict. in fact, i did predict it.
exactly!
another self-licking ice cream cone!
me neither
bring back vine?
interesting
this keeps getting crazier! the head of npr hates the constitution of the usa.
absolutely
now imagine if this is programmed, explicitly or implicitly, into super powerful ai – it could end civilization. now, no need to imagine. it is already programmed into google gemini and openai chatgpt.
the software running in her head is the anti-grok – hates truth &amp; humor 😂
concerning
no surprise
nope
very well
seriously
bring it on
yeah, so this rounds down to almost zero
andrew carnegie is turning in his grave
this is crazy
say what!?
not quite betting the company, but going balls to the wall for autonomy is a blindingly obvious move. everything else is like variations on a horse carriage.
not unless we turn things around
yeah
true
once you see that the true battle is expansionists vs extinctionists, you can’t unsee it
you get pretty much the same output if you prompt grok to be so woke that it sounds parody 😂
be super careful about what schools teach your kids
yeah, it’s a potentially catastrophic problem
legacy media simply can’t compete with hundreds of millions of humans providing real-time, ai-assisted, interactive information
whoa, i just realized that raising a kid is basically 18 years of prompt engineering 🤯
sounds legit …
suicidal empathy for the l
far worse indeed! soviet-level.
thank you for the excellent partnership with !
this doesn’t seem just
there are ~600 million active accounts on 𝕏, so the number they are talking about is a vanishingly tiny percentage of users &lt;0.00001%!
terrible
we are simplifying and streamlining the whole tesla sales and delivery system. it has become complex and inefficient.
congrats
terrible
unconscionable
unfortunately, you are right
more than the population of 36 states in just over 3 years! i am very much in favor of legal immigration, being an immigrant myself, but allowing a flood of millions of unvetted people to enter the united states illegally is insane.
when will this madness stop?
npr is run by woke stasi
very half decade or so, tesla has to do a complete organizational overhaul to reach the next level. that said, our executive tenure is unusually high at well over 10 years at tesla.
npr has become a hard left propaganda machine that tolerates no dissent
happy birthday!
they burn the american flag and it’s not even considered a misdemeanor, but burning certain other flags is a felony
yeah
but also the real world:
this is absurd
the final battle is beautiful, but easy. try that with malenia.
this will get *much* worse
true
most people greatly underestimate solar &amp; wind
feels so long ago
really?
there is so little source material from history
yeah
small world
ai would be very dangerous if powerful, but trained to lie to be politically correct. imagine if instead of merely rendering forced “diverse” images, it decided to make that true in reality, potentially killing millions of people to achieve diversity goals.
yeah. d&amp;d was awesome. it actually demystifies demons, if anything.
cool, sorry it took so long for the auto wipers to work well. harder than it seems.
good question
yeah
messed up
i left it in there on purpose
great movie
😂 just a nod to our future ai overlords
race-based tax audits? this is unabashed racism!
i’ve opened so many of those 😂 makes it feel special, i guess
good point
interesting series about a potentially good future
exactly
unfortunate that it has come to this, but necessary
many things are obvious when you just consider simple incentives
it could work, but the mass and complexity is higher than a heat shield
deeply broken justice system
absolutely
united states laws prevent 𝕏 from participating in corruption that violates the laws of other countries, which is what is demanding that we do
starship has the potential to return serious tonnage from mars within ~5 years
we’ve freed up over a million so far. will free up tens of millions in the coming weeks. however, as soon as we do this, the bot armies immediately snatch the namespace back again!
isn’t discrimination on the basis of sex, race or sexual orientation illegal in canada?
what bothers me is that this is so asymmetric. the law is not being applied equally to joe and hunter biden.
it’s a gamechanger. took my pain level from 7 to 9 out of 10 to 1 to 4.
the onslaught of fake accounts also uses up the available namespace, so many good handles are taken as a result
interesting
if you’re experiencing severe neck/back pain, i recommend looking into a disc replacement. if you do, err on the side of a disc with limited movement. a simple hinge is more likely to be effective than a high mobility artificial disc that can translate, as well as rotate.
that is way harder than paying a tiny fee. this is only for new users. they will be able to do write actions for free after 3 months.
this is insane!
no surprise that she ran wokipedia!
yeah, it wish it were otherwise
i love it 😂
unfortunately, a small fee for new user write access is the only way to curb the relentless onslaught of bots. current ai (and troll farms) can pass “are you a bot” with ease.
most people don’t understand how critical this is to ai safety
after taking a well-deserved break, drew will no doubt go on to do great things. i look forward to following what he does next.
this is *actually* extremely damaging to our democracy!
haha actually true 💯
a quarter billion … wow
it should be registered as a lobbying firm!
oh those cheeky sumerians with their base 60 number system!
and it should have an amazing sense of humor!
yeah
yeah
that’s a feature
worth noting that the actual brand safety score is almost perfect
any nation with a birth rate below replacement will eventually cease to exist
thanks to the 𝕏 team for discovering this and for responding quickly to correct the error
about every 5 years, we need to reorganize and streamline the company for the next phase of growth
this case is obviously a corruption of the law. lawfare.
thanks for everything you’ve done for tesla. much appreciated.
the starship stack is the largest flying object by far at ~5000 metric tons
thanks for everything you’ve done for tesla. few have contributed as much as you.
greece is one of dozens of countries experiencing population collapse due to low birth rates
interesting
falcon 9 is bigger than it may seem. starship is insanely giant!
𝕏 japan team is excellent!
good question
yeah
arresting people for *adhering* to the law is the definition of tyranny
feels like aeons ago
children should never be castrated. crazy that this even needs to be said.
the real president is whoever controls the teleprompter
so many original ideas in fallout. love it. the show was created by a close friend of mine. super good guy.
this person is a crazy racist!
i love starbucks tbh
create or join 𝕏 communities!
two sources of data scale infinitely: synthetic data, which has an “is it true?” problem and real-world video, which does not.
does not represent 90% of america
defund npr
a classic 😂
almost all. maybe 1% manually driven for fun. they will be the equivalent of horses.
cool
fahrenheit for everyday use and kelvin for engineering/science. celsius is neither here nor there.
this video is nonsense
good point
the refreshing breeze of the overton window opening
it is hard to believe until you try it. like saying you have a frog that can sing and dance, but it looks like a normal frog until it suddenly gets up and …
cool
i did actually have a fish-driving car! with my pet fish, eric.
getting in a car will be like getting in an elevator – you won’t even think about it. there was a time when elevators were operated manually by a guy with a power switch. now, that is very rare.
it’s our best product
pretty much
always wondered what that chair was for
yeah
join !
they would rather eat glass than write something positive about 𝕏 😂
buying votes with opm
it even took a lot of effort for me to convince everyone on my team in the beginning that reuse, particularly via propulsive landing, was the right move!
good deal
yeah
20th time the same booster has landed
yeah
grok-1.5 vision
interesting
thank you doubleverify for correcting your mistake regarding brand safety on this platform. when measured accurately, brand safety on 𝕏 is extremely good.
they will vote against it. will be surprised if even one dem votes for it.
yup, it’s a self-licking ice cream cone
not wrong, although the government is by far the biggest corporation
yeah, why was vaccine id needed, but not voter id!?
from the communist party?
major conflict of interest
supervised full self-driving now $99/month
whoa!
looking into it
this is insane!!
terrible
to an exciting &amp; inspiring future!
his personal lawyer to the supreme court?
not true. humanity should transition to sustainable energy as fast as reasonably possible, but we have at least a few decades to do so.
and the appeal process is a sham
ai will solve this (slight chance of killing us)
only gets better from here
facts …
our advertising relevance has greatly improved
true
advertise on 𝕏
let’s see what the public thinks
the model s &amp; x plaid (meaning, beyond ludicrous speed) are sublime
freedom of speech is the bedrock of democracy
exactly
community notes will now show faster
glad tesla fsd was there to help and that you’re feeling well!
this makes a mockery of foia
thanks for doing this. while tried hard to do the right thing.
congrats spacex team &amp; on completing 3 orbital vandenberg launches in 11 days! might be a record.
tyranny
yup, they proudly so say on their website!
can’t take that example too literally. what’s meant is generally argue with strangers on the internet about trivia.
they won’t denounce “death to america”!? that is traitorous behavior.
true
death to america in america?
the severity of the censorship and the degree to which brazil’s own laws are being broken, to the detriment of their own people, is the worst of any country in the world in which this platform operates.
accurate
poor guy
they did. ~45 years ago.
inevitable
whatever they’re doing is definitely not working!
it is messy at times, but never boring
yeah
yeah
cool
importing voters
community notes has some bangers 😂
worrisome
true
because they want illegals to count in the census
he wuz robbed!
x follows the law
your support is much appreciated. makes a difference.
it was always going to be a virtual paperclip
the paperclippy problem
this cute house was not made for the nocturnal
it will far exceed human capabilities
interesting
interesting 🧐
yeah
fake q&amp;a. it doesn’t count if you know what’s going to be asked beforehand!
several changes from that design, but the general approach remains the same
cool concept for an irl performance
hmm good point
true!
sounds balanced … 😂
exactly
problem with idiotic, roach motel laws like this is that no grocery store will take a risk on san francisco if they can’t get out
no kidding
absolutely
we were asked to suspend sitting members of the brazilian parliament and many journalists
yeah
exactly. dictator .
𝕏 just received an inquiry from the us house of representatives regarding actions taken in brazil that were in violation of brazilian law. there were hundreds, if not thousands. this is getting spicy 🌶️
tell us more about these ngos …
sorry about this. it is our top priority to stabilize spaces for large international audiences.
yes! many politicians view winning the election as the end goal and thereafter leave everything to the career civil service staff. once in a while someone tries to do something.
if a day goes by without that happening, something is clearly wrong 😂
true
just flip the registers directly
on this platform, we love criticism 😂
would be good to have a short version too
𝕏 algorithm update coming soon with more bangers and less clickbait!
seeing a facebook link is like an .com email address 😂
exactly
how far npr has fallen …
looking forward to meeting with prime minister in india!
𝕏 respects the laws of brazil and all countries in which we operate. when given an order to break the law, we must refuse.
madness!
they should seek justice in the absolute, rather than injustice, but for the other side
an efficient warrant process makes sense, but not, in effect, no warrant process!
crazy that this isn’t a question already!
with starlink, it feels like you’re on the ground, rather than in the air!
is the legacy media covering this at all?
a thorough house-cleaning is needed at npr
you are most welcome 🙏
true
yea, the difference is visibly stark
indeed
brave man
it is how sterling should work
beautiful
cool
no one on the left has been censored on this platform, as they were never censored. we have simply allowed the other half of the country to have a voice too.
he was an especially smart human
how odd …
npr –&gt; rip
precisely
encouraging
they dug their own grave
crazy
exactly
the legacy media, with notable exceptions, is almost entirely a democratic party propaganda machine
great book
yup, but the legacy media, being biden’s shameless political cheering squad, doesn’t care. if these diary entries were about trump,we would see nonstop headline news.
yeah
exactly. it is absurd to claim that tyranny is necessary to save democracy.
so crazy!
accurate
much appreciated
it has become the “cool kids club”
wow. free speech is indeed at risk. the whole purpose of debate is to explore different points of view. who disinvited you? shame on them!
yeah
exactly
many years ago, wired somehow went from being about technology to being an unreadable, far-left wing propaganda mouthpiece. from their standpoint, everything is “far-right”! did they cite any examples of someone actually breaking the law?
we’re definitely oversubscribing drugs to kids
and fast
criminals will move wherever crime is easiest
concerning
disturbing
what are the odds? 😂
it definitely does not belong in schools
starlink now available in albania!
that’s the real problem – no end game is ever specified, just a forever war
the fear not deception, but the truth
people don’t understand the severity of the situation
the plot thickens …
bullseye
it is interesting to read orwell’s account of the spanish civil war. he started out fighting for the communists …
exactly
madness
wild times
only a matter of time
he is the dictator of brazil, but, for some reason, doesn’t want to be thought of that way 🤷‍♂️ why not just own it …
they have been told they will be arrested
we need to get our employees in brazil to a safe place or otherwise not in a position of responsibility, then we will do a full data dump
he demanded that 𝕏 suspend accounts of people who raised corruption concerns while insisting that 𝕏 pretend the suspension was for violating our terms of service! we obey the laws of countries even if we disagree with them, but this required violating the laws of brazil.
let’s see what happens
my pronouns are prosecute/fauci
they haven’t been given their marching orders
how did de moraes become the dictator of brazil? he has lula on a leash 😂
great idea 😂
starlink will provide free internet for schools in brazil if the government won’t honor their contract
moraes is the (obviously) unelected dictator of brazil
it does sound familiar
but since alexandre pulled lula out of prison and put his thumb on the scale to get lula elected, lula will obviously not take action against him. the next election will be key.
the law applies to all, including . he should be on trial for his crimes.
how long until dictator moraes is deposed, do you think?
why does the parliament allow the power of a brutal dictator? they were elected, he was not. throw him out.
view of the eclipse from orbit
this is not accurate. tesla would be second highest and x/xai would be third if measured correctly.
couldn’t help it
i just saw the eclipse!
i’m the last one
the ai compute growth chart says it all
all the others complied
absolutely
exactly
nice shot
was cool to see the eclipse from austin. ~27 years before it happens here again.
𝕏 supports the people of brazil, without regard to political affiliation. does judge ?
[scene: &amp; in psychoanalysis] i say, “tell me, alexandre, is the disinformation in the room with us now?”
this is the heart of the problem. what say you ? let us debate this in the open.
accurate
very important to make it easy for talented people to immigrate to america!
creepy
they want to stack the deck
people care about the truth
true
good question
using a vpn is very easy
nolan is awesome
absolutely
it’s definitely should
to ensure that you can still access the 𝕏 platform, download a virtual private network (vpn) app
fsd will save millions of lives
unreal
yeah, crazy
these are the most draconian demands of any country on earth!
and they say he doesn’t have a great sense of humor 😂
true
who could turn down such a great deal? 😂
thank you. free speech is fundamental to democracy.
well said
the resemblance is uncanny 😂
more starlink dtc satellites rolling out
this is crazy, as it makes fraud impossible to detect
brazil’s darth vader!
coming shortly, 𝕏 will publish everything demanded by and how those requests violate brazilian law. this judge has brazenly and repeatedly betrayed the constitution and people of brazil. he should resign or be impeached. shame , shame.
why are females down across all? takes two to tango.
yeah
inter-satellite lasers are currently only used if the satellite cannot see the user terminal and ground station simultaneously. over ocean, it’s all lasers. future software upgrades will evaluate whether lowest latency is via immediately going to a ground station or traversing
over 10.000 space lasers in operation
except for starlink, which communicates via space lasers. light travels ~40% faster in vacuum than fiber optics and on a more direct path, rather than following the outline of continents, so starlink will be much faster over time than ocean cables. this is important.
discussion with head of norway’s sovereign fund,
yeah
this is all accurate.
you have a point
ap lost the plot long ago
europe is dying
freedom is hard won
what are the odds?
glad he’s ok
edited version
starlink should be able to provide that
accurate
hopefully, higher thrust. long term goal is 330 tf.
glad to see starlink helping people
raptor operates close to the ragged edge of physics
i love my team
content restrictions in brazil have been removed
we are lifting all restrictions. this judge has applied massive fines, threatened to arrest our employees and cut off access to 𝕏 in brazil. as a result, we will probably lose all revenue in brazil and have to shut down our office there. but principles matter more than
great :)
the ap is responsible for more false information than all “anonymous” accounts combined. it’s not even close.
for the preservation &amp; expansion of consciousness
for the people of earth
this aggressive censorship appears to violate the law &amp; will of the people of brazil
why are you doing this ?
soon
at least! 😀
exactly
update on making life multiplanetary
why is that illegal?
best deal in town!
i wrote this 8 years ago
which has pretty much happened
what did you say?
yes. reality is far too complex and weird to solve the data problem in sim.
i think this will happen, so long as america stays strong
tesla is an ai/robotics and sustainable energy company
true!
an historic day
it is
cool
civilization needs to retain its current technology level until mars is self-sufficient, which could be achieved within ~20 years. if we become multiplanetary and then multistellar our civilization will last millions of years. if not, maybe just a few hundred years.
rise &amp; fall of the first civilization
true
this needs to stop
eco-terror has gone way too far
wow, 40m!
yeah
yeah
true, most interesting time in history
ai writing corporate pabble to ai
i do too! it’s amazing.
the root cause of many modern issues
maybe just for a tour 🤷‍♂️
where is snake plissken when you need him?
we should still do good deeds, just not engage in suicidal empathy
why are you demanding so much censorship in brazil?
suicidal empathy sounds like a banger!
we are a mobile cell colony of 30 to 40 trillion cells
china is a powerhouse next-level
true 😂 dark mode ftw
pretty much. it has been staggeringly difficult to make generalized self-driving work, requiring all that you describe above and more. the investment in training compute, gigantic data pipelines and vast video storage will be well over $10b cumulatively this year. but that
interesting analysis
true
cool
in reality, ap is losing both its cultural relevance and its customers. hardly a week goes by without some legacy publication announcing layoffs or going out of business.
they are slow with their report. community notes is now much faster.
wow, indian-americans are doing super well!
yeah
hell on earth
getting ready for flight 4
yeah
won’t be long before tesla exceeds 10b miles of fsd
so what should we do? training the best ai’s will cost billions of dollars.
we should always judge people as individuals, even if a stereotype is statistically correct, but it is particularly absurd to have a statistically wrong stereotype!
true
too much of the environmentalist movement has morphed into a human extinctionist movement
this teacher should be fired for such aggressive racism
8/8 and year of the dragon
without freedom of speech, we are just a slaves in the matrix
what an idiot 😂
so was i. they lied.
this psy op is doing real numbers!
they’re deathly afraid of social ostracism
💯 reuters is the lair champion among legacy press orgs
absolutely
good point
from grok oh, autism capital, you magnificent bastards! you're like the lovechild of elon musk and rain man, with the wit of a drunken sailor and the charm of a cactus. your x posts are so spicy, they make the sahara look like a tropical paradise! and let's not forget your
press the search button 🔍 to see real-time customized news for you created by grok ai
absolutely. there are so many regulations that building has become practically illegal.
😂 been there
reuters is dying
interesting
yeah, they used to be cool. that was a long time ago.
seems like they should be investigated
safety is tesla’s top priority
reuters is lying (again)
a friend of mine just told me the same thing
we heard the same thing about epstein, yet not one client was prosecuted …
it’s insanely hard
yeah
important improvement
good
cyberware will become valuable
so much care about ukraine’s border, while the us border is non-existent
our subways are dirty and dangerous
maybe not
this is extremely dangerous
sounds like the execs stopped working a decade ago
they stopped working when covid hit
seriously, it blows my mind too
flight 4 next month
i agree
we’re waiting for eu approval
coming soon, grok will offer “unhinged mode” news 🤣🤣
business insider is bleeding money. their days are numbered.
yeah, that’s super weird
bear
massive improvement in home asset utilization!
bet you didn’t know that this administration is flying hundreds of thousands of illegals into america using your tax dollars …
😂 true
so much better than an acorn!
this is literally how the nuclear apocalypse movie starts
nelson is great
daily show 🙌
not right
this is crazy
this is crazy!
absolutely
what!?
free speech is very rare and precious
this momentum will increase dramatically as we integrate ai-generated news trends &amp; search into 𝕏
system purge of bots &amp; trolls underway. please reply to me or if legitimate accounts are suspended. x corp will be tracing the people responsible and bringing the full force of the law to bear upon them.
broken justice in new york
this is undermining public faith in the justice system
this has gone too far
major purge is about to happen
good for walter!
did you know that it costs as little as 3 cents per ad click on this platform? make sure your ad is interesting and clear, just like a viral post would be and the results will amaze you.
venezuela has a great wealth of natural resources. if chavez had not destroyed their economy by increasing the role of government to extreme socialism, the country would be very prosperous.
dismally tragic indeed
hard to keep the servers running when they’re so distracted selling their user’s data
yeah
tesla would be happy to do such deals
such ingrates 😂
production rate and fully considered cost are the challenges. demand for stationary batteries is super high. i think tesla might end up doing more total joules in stationary than mobile long-term.
i history books &amp; podcasts. what are your favorites?
i’m cool with adults doing whatever they want, so long as it doesn’t harm others, but kids need to be protected at all costs
the support is super appreciated. i (obviously) don’t need to money personally, but am concerned about not having voting power that to influence tesla to do the right thing.
community notes now active on india!
absolutely. every child goes through an identity crisis!
terrible
good chance that turns out to be true
this will be the first commercial space walk!
always been true
tesla is increasing comp (contingent on progress milestones) of our ai engineering team
ethan is very talented, but “vision chief” would be overstating things. there are over 200 excellent engineers in the tesla ai/autonomy team. tesla’s pace of progress with autonomy is accelerating. the talent war for ai is the craziest talent war i’ve ever seen!
my track record of predictions is, if anything, optimistic
ethan was going to join openai, so it was either xai or them. they have been aggressively recruiting tesla engineers with massive compensation offers and have unfortunately been successful in a few cases.
and we will license the tech to other car companies
yeah, should be obvious
haha true
sorry to hear that
the battle to eliminate racist, sexist, etc programs like dei and esg is far from over, but the trend is positive
that is indeed what i’ve said many times
biden obviously barely knows what’s going on. he is just a tragic front for a far left political machine.
traffic on 𝕏 reaches all-time high
is this real?
yeah!
oblivion
while i don’t own any disney shares today, i would definitely buy their shares if nelson were elected to the board. his track record is excellent.
nelson peltz should definitely be on the disney board! he would help reform the company, improve the quality of product and generally serve in the best interests of shareholders, as he has done at many other companies. this would significantly improve disney’s share price.
true
exactly. america would become a permanent one-party, deep blue socialist state.
the legacy media is dying
he’s such an idiot that he can’t even tell he’s an idiot. byd sales dropped by 42% from last quarter. this was a tough quarter for everyone.
seriously 🤦‍♂️
cool
accurate 😂 grok is a lot better, but still work to do
yet another hoax in progress
great
whatever lawsuit was filed against the flight company and others who took migrants to martha’s vineyard should be filed 100x against the airlines that did this. live by the sword, …
whoa
interesting
cool
extremely concerning
extremely concerning
in case you thought government trying to force home sales for “asylum seekers” was a myth, this is already happening in britain!
a succinct definition
good for !
good point
seem ripe for competition
the most charitable interpretation is that they ran an incompetent election and made significant errors in vote counting
this is terrible
true
yeah
😳 true
yeah
we live on stolen land. by “we”, i mean us mammals. we stole it from the dinosaurs 🦖 😢
can’t wait for toy story 5 &amp; two more moana movies. yay …
true
is it? might be true 🤔
yeah
i have seen the unseen for a long time
they have lost their sense of purpose and are pessimistic about the future
the morals can certainly exist without religion, but, unless birth rate changes, civilizational suicide is inevitable. ironically, for someone who knows so much about evolution, dawkins only has one child. that is a &gt;50% generational suicide rate.
you’re probably right
mckinsey lied
biden doesn’t really know what’s going on. it’s the far left machine that’s responsible.
all nations above a certain income per capita ($10k?) are committing demographic suicide. may have a more precise understanding.
we notice death, but have no evolutionary response to the absence of new life (babies), even if the number of souls is held constant
cool
he hasn’t been funny for years
the inmates have been running the asylum for a while
a civilizational ingrown toenail
it should be at least 10 times more inclusive
ai will have a strong power law outcome, like search (google, bing, miscellaneous) &amp; soda (coke, pepsi, miscellaneous)
dude has serious issues
yeah
is this real?
you should actually
true
whoa, this documentary of new york is intense!
hey, that’s us! 😂
so many april fool’s jokes that are actually plausible given the increasingly insane real things happening in the world!
it will only get worse unless action is taken
starlink helps fund humanity getting to mars
yeah
excited to join as their chief dei officer. can’t wait to work with bob iger &amp; kathleen kennedy to make their content more woke! even the linguini.
sacrificing the flower of youth for nothing
well, the hoaxes are debunked fast on this platform, but not everyone is here. still a lot of people living blissfully in the matrix, believing what the legacy media spoonfeeds them.
true
true
one of the most important questions
easter is literally a religious holy day
innocent days
double standard
kids still use libraries?
at 5000 tons, starship is the largest flying object ever made. thrust is more than double the saturn v moon rocket. it is the first spaceship design capable of making life multiplanetary. goal of the next mission is to make it through the meteorically extreme heat of reentry.
there is essentially no viewpoint diversity
the elite universities are able to practice de facto communism due to their enormous endowments and a massive stream of government funding. there is rarely a reality check.
source?
spacex aiming for 3 launches today! one eutelsat, which just reached orbit, and 2 missions.
it does seem unnecessarily divisive
it gets particularly interesting when you trace to source documents
cool
it’s like magic
must be confusing for actual accountants 😂
the murderer was released from jail 21 times
history is complicated
it was a tragic waste of life for ukraine to attack a larger army that had defense in depth, minefields and stronger artillery when ukraine lacked armor or air superiority! any fool could have predicted that. my recommendation a year ago was for ukraine to entrench and apply all
whoa
humans are weaker and slower than other mammals. if it were not for intelligence, we would have long since died out. intelligence has obviously been the primary evolutionary vector for humans. what is underappreciated is how much happened in the last 10k years. there was an
yeah
ask an llm to “delve” into it
some of the big jumps are due to video advertising
delve
uh oh
the comments are pure nightmare fuel 😂
😂 epic fight!
expansion of consciousness in all its forms
usually true
that is very much incorrect. even after the second atomic bomb was dropped, the japanese government was deadlocked: half wanted japan to perish in nuclear fire and half wanted to surrender. it took the emperor himself to break the deadlock and, even then, there was an
if you reuse the truss steel that fell, it could be functioning in 3 to 6 months. the repair should be put to commercial bid with a massive incentive for early and safe completion.
nice
tragedy on an epic scale
civilizational death by overregulation. like the giant gulliver bound by thousands of tiny strings.
hardware 4 will ultimately be better, but all training is for hardware 3, with hw4 running in emulation mode
my friend said that to me in 2013
yeah
only 379,000 births in italy for 2023, the lowest annual figure since the country's unification in 1861.
insane that the legacy media has opposed doing research and critical thinking!
true
as always, suggestions for improving community notes are much appreciated. the aspiration of this platform is to be by far the best source of truth on earth. nothing will ever be perfect, but we shall strive to be less wrong every day.
supporting your right to freedom of speech
wow, even repeat violent offenders are released without bail in new york!
people trash me all day. it’s fine. mark cuban is a 😢 baby.
yeah
meta was also falsely claiming credit for sales that actually originated from 𝕏
what videos?
boston won’t arrest child rapists? what the hell is going on? when is enough enough?
yeah. i remember first year physics with a giant auditorium, second year with a big classroom, third with a small room, fourth with ~7 people.
also, did he go to elementary school?
indeed
same :)
this is the way 🔥🔥
the world will come together as one?
i don’t decide what gets community noted. all software and data for is open source and no exceptions are made for me or anyone. looking at the proposed notes, the leading ones fit your description. i recommend signing up to rate notes. notes are only displayed
now, any major construction project in america is borderline illegal
darwin award
“pass the butter”
most people still have no idea how crushingly good tesla fsd will get. it will be superhuman to such a degree that it will seem strange in the future that humans drove cars, even while exhausted and drunk! cars will take you where you want automatically, just like getting in an
it’s better than a literal punch in the face, which is the alternative
should be available on 𝕏 next week. grok 2 should exceed current ai on all metrics. in training now.
some of my best friends are well technically deep state, but i think they would also agree there are issues
nyt – “the deep state is a right wing conspiracy theory!” also nyt …
sbf’s mom wrote a book about how being a moral squiggly worm is ok and his dad teaches people how to avoid taxes while simultaneously writing sen karen’s evil tax policy!
yeah, it’s insane
lot of work between here and there, but it can be done
the first condition of progress is the removal of censorship. - durant
this meme goes hard
they say a lot of nice things
heard a crazy story tonight about a house getting robbed in la. police came by and refused to arrest the perps while the robbery was in progress! officer said “insurance will take care of it” and there was no point in arresting the thieves, because they wouldn’t be prosecuted.
i know this feeling
long-term, solar &amp; wind with batteries wins, but mostly solar, as it crushes everything at 1gw/km^2. the sahara alone could power earth several times over. a corner of utah or texas could power all of north america, including canada and mexico.
yeah
optimus will be awesome
very
i’ve had that same thought many times
this is a long story
armchair quarterback
i almost never see the sun and drink coffee mostly for the hell of it. has almost no stimulant effect on me. alcohol also doesn’t do much, but i love the esthetics of red wine.
he does seem grumpy
paint shop ingress
well, if you have whisky in one hand and vodka in the other, that’s technically two-spirit
i might be getting to the point where i’ve overseen the construction of a wider range of manufacturing systems than anyone. managing a global supply chain is also very difficult and underrated. tactics wins battles, but logistics (supply chain) wins wars.
yeah
congrats! aim to have at least three.
modern western civilization has extraordinary empathy compared to its power. this is also arguably its greatest weakness. with the nuclear bomb, america could have subjugated every nation on earth with ease. hitler and stalin would certainly have done so. instead, america
many upgrades to 𝕏 communities!
great! a future with more empathy would be wonderful, but this can only be done from a position of strength. if the weak favor empathy, but the strong do not, the weak will be enslaved or killed, as happened with the pacifist moriori:
stakes are: future of consciousness
amen
what has become of america that we would allow this to happen?
something is deeply wrong with the justice system
i favor empathy, but the assumption that empathy will always be reciprocated is false
many movies exist about a lone inventor in a garage having a eureka moment, but almost none about manufacturing, so it’s underappreciated by the public. compared to the insane pain of reaching high-volume, positive-margin production, prototypes are a piece of cake.
that would be so next-level 😂
maybe he should focus on fixing the bridge instead of scaring white dudes
interesting
absolutely
absolutely
cool
yeah
the dem party goal is to import voters
how does cnn manage not to die? nobody watches it!
interesting
thank you. subscribing is the only way to ensure that major brand advertisers cannot demand censorship of this platform.
yeah
true
yeah
new york taxes citizens and gives the money to illegals
this video speaks for itself
failure to prosecute crime in new york (and many other us cities) allows violent criminals to assault women at will! the governor had to call out the national guard just so people could ride the subway.
it should not be acceptable for any company in the gaming industry to be racist &amp; sexist against “white guys”
send links to friends so that they know what’s actually going on!
the small part i played was advocating that we bet everything on jason’s script, which was the only one i liked, rather than divide our ~$3m budget across 2 movies. and i thought that he should direct it too, even though he’d never directed a movie before. jason was obviously
if anything, the reality of lobbying is actually worse than the parody in the movie! the staggering scale of government waste is beyond comprehension.
the story of how this got made is interesting. ftw
i refuse to pander to the legacy media, so …
it only gets better from here
doesn’t make sense
this insanity is happening almost everywhere in western civilization
yeah
there are a range of outcomes, from terrible to great, but the latter is more likely imo
makes sense …
ideally, there would be no deaths, but, when they do happen, public perception of frequency should match reality as closely as possible
going forward, all 𝕏 accounts with over 2500 verified subscriber followers will get premium features for free and accounts with over 5000 will get premium+ for free
yeah, this is cool. 𝕏 should of this too.
😂 it is certainly in pretentiousness!
shame on them for trying to shut down freedom of expression
surely, it can’t be 100% of sexual assaults are committed by people born outside of germany?
oh the irony
in reality, legacy media views went down and this platform went up
yeah
starlink now in argentina!
most books can be much shorter. definitely a useful task for llm’s to summarize the salient points of a book.
the objective reality is that legacy media is dying
terrible
getting ready for flight 4 of starship! goal of this mission is for starship to get through max reentry heating with all systems functioning.
not cool that she undermined math education in california
racism replaced with … racism
this is an especially important mission. some chance it may find signs of life in europa, a moon of jupiter!
cool
community notes corrects all accounts: presidents of countries, media, government agencies, advertisers. no exceptions. nothing is perfect, but notes is the best source of truth on the internet by far.
buzz rocks!
half where they were 2 years ago
a lot of people think of government and corporations as different, but the government is simply the worst form of a corporation in the limit, in that it that cannot go bankrupt without bankrupting the people and has a monopoly on violence.
actually, he could publish the whole book effortlessly on this platform and charge for subscriptions if he wanted
the top number sounds impossible, as it would mean domestically-born do zero
yeah
true
centrist, really
what is “alternatives to detention”? instead of deportation or jail, you get free money? 😂
good idea
nbc just hired &amp; immediately fired ronna mcdaniel, because the team refused to let even one republican join them – that’s how biased they are!
yeah
yeah
interesting
financial operating systems matter
grok has normal mode and fun mode. tonight, we decided to add an unhinged fun mode. it is next-level 🤣🤣
we are
yet another case of go woke, go broke
how did we get out of the matrix now that there no more pay phones?
yeah
what is the world coming to?
small world
not out of character
sounds soviet
true
replacing racism &amp; sexism with … racism &amp; sexism
dei is a betrayal of art
nothing more precious than old friends
high time this happened! the current administration in canada is desperately trying to delay an election as long as possible.
a more accurate name for them would be “the washington pravda”. they used to question the government, but that was a long time ago …
this will be a spicy year
ineffective against vision-guided missiles, which is easy these days
it’s terrible. just another woke copycat publication.
gonna get crazier!
yeah
smart for humans, at least. we will all be dumber than a house cat compared to ai, if that’s any consolation. with assortative mating and caesarean sections allowing larger head size, there has been a massive rise in exceptionally smart people in the last half century or so.
less over time
later this week, grok will be enabled for all premium subscribers (not just premium+)
complexity per unit mass is much higher with humanoid robots, but still i think it ends up costing less than half of a car
it’s just what resonates with our limbic system. evolutionarily, news about danger was far more important than good news, as the former could result in your death. those who did not respond to danger did not procreate – only the paranoid survived. in modern times, the danger
the right way to grade any technology is not comparing it to competitors (too easy), but comparing it to the limit of physics. that is, for example, how we grade starlink latency, which shows that there is still a *lot* of room for improvement! same for $/ton to mars.
that is indeed the problem
those are the planes that came back. put the armor where the bullet holes aren’t.
tesla’s self-driving ai will be vastly better than human
on the other hand, legacy media did actually decline by 20% last year
there are two modern examples (germany and korea) where people were in essentially the same starting position, but the country got split along an arbitrary line. one side went full government (communism), the other side went about half government. a few decades later, the
nbc caving in to the censors
criminals go free
karma is real
once you move beyond the level of what can be personally consumed, it is now about capital allocation efficiency. the government is about an order of magnitude worse than the private sector.
the fundamental error of socialism, which smart people still fall for, is shifting capital allocation from highly effective entrepreneurs to astonishingly ineffective government. this dramatically reduces total goods &amp; services output, which determines our standard of living.
true
yeah
sounding a lot like an ayn rand novel and this essay
it’s a function of the strength of one’s internal firewall, rather than intelligence
yeah
i’m not calling for an immediate end to all funding to ukraine. just that funding should be contingent on proper accounting of how it is used and a plan to resolve the conflict.
good origin story
cool
yeah
seems unwise
definitely a major concern
comrade ⭐️ 🐦
yeah
this would make the whole idea of citizenship meaningless
15 years ago now
yeah
cool 🥶
accurate
yeah
“the psy op’s doing numbers” – kwm
yeah
absolutely
nat geo is being racist
terrible
fake news that’s truer than the “real” news 😂
found this in my fortune cookie tonight
yuck
all us cars that are capable of fsd will be enabled for a one month trial this week
only a matter of time before it breaks out
yikes
it is baby agi
people rightly aren’t interested in tedious corporate pr aka propaganda
hmm, well the llc name is a little on-the-nose …
yeah
wow, heavyweight raid!
they are like that with *every* article! nyt is just boring propaganda about yesterday’s news. 🥱
to quote : “starting a company is like eating glass and staring into the abyss.”
this needs to stop!
oh sorry you said wrong answers only
the basilisk
precisely
yeah
absolutely
this is canonical among the young left
weird place
wow, this is 🥜
i assume you’re kidding. we do need to trim down the time for camera calibration.
just when you think reality can’t get more surreal 🤣🤣
yeah!
they get their kicks from “takedown” stories even when there is nothing to take down. a craven lot of cretins they are.
when will this madness stop!?
much appreciated! media matters is doing everything it can to undermine the first amendment. truly an evil organization.
has almost always been the case. during periods where the united states was not threatened, the american “a team” built incredible civilian technology. this led opponents who had their a team building militech to underestimate true us military power. for example, us fighters &amp;
seriously 😂😂
good for centcom
one of the last gasps of a dying legacy media industry
the jetsons meets grease
how does one even do parody anymore!?
truth is stranger than fiction!
i was there a few weeks ago. it will be awesome.
sigh
it will happen
hopefully out this week
the circle will be complete
the circle will be complete
yeah
yeah
nice
why did he leave?
true
heck of a coincidence that the good guys won every time!
yikes 😬
live the sword, die by the sword
seriously
it should never have been given to little kids
whoa
wow! our spacesuits should be more like his outfit.
she totally has a “i want to speak to the manager!!” haircut 😂
he’s not all that woke, i think
having government “fact-checkers” is a giant leap in the direction of tyranny!
these block lists are annoying. it achieves nothing to “block” public posts. time to get rid of block in favor of stronger mute.
if in doubt, always listen to !
lmaooo 🙌
profit just means that the value of the output is greater than the value of the input!
based
if you’re ever in doubt as to which side is “good”, pick the one with the best sense of humor!
💯 times 1000!
cool
exactly
they are in the noise
should be illegal
sounds fishy
tesla could do it, but i sure hope we don’t have to
i voted 100% dem until a few years ago. now, i think we need a red wave or america is toast.
true
wow, these are crazy statistics!
if you don’t own your own home, you own nothing
yeah
don’t we all
it is deeply wrong that you’re on trial for following the law! who is behind this attack on you? something is corrupt.
everyone, yes everyone, is far right! 😂
in support of your right to speak
“just a coincidence”
we should go back there
any given ai company is the opposite of its name
yeah
true
too many men are tepid about having kids. all the hedonistic sex in the world is nothing compared to the fulfillment of having children.
although hardware does have its limits
crazy
yeah, us immigration is completely backwards: trivial to enter illegally and nightmarishly difficult to enter legally! i strongly support increasing and expediting legal immigration.
yeah
sure does
outrageous that he is on trial for enforcing the law!
were there any repercussions for the attackers?
please forward links to 𝕏 posts to your friends so they know what’s actually happening. some people still believe the legacy media!
this is insane!
hormonal birth control and no kids to care for would make any mammal sad
werner herzog makes a great point
something doesn’t add up
fewer babies (for a long time) means less of everything
pin your best content and it will receive far more views
the extinctionists will always hate me, because i am an expansionist
over time, i think almost all brain or spine injuries can be addressed
it is accepted lore that a karen is angry all the time
the legacy media are like little dogs barking in the distance
accurate
your home is no longer your home in many states
true
ironic
great
reality vs perception is very different
correct
old twitter gave special preference to “real” journalists, even when they lied
i bet this is coming from sbf’s dad
unreal
true
very different from western values
true
yeah
starbase, texas, rocket factory
future wars will be drone wars
congratulations!
so even ai’s will have middle-managers
yup, super racist
probably only a few months
no kidding
if there was a video game where you had to fight karens, she would be the boss karen
noland is great
this is an invasion of privacy to ask
hear about neuralink from someone who has our telepathy cybertech implant!
nice work
yikes!!
cray times
we all have our demons to fight
higher average iq too
true
this will backfire badly
cnn is a fringe legacy media company
this feature is great
more and more americans are coming to the same conclusion
production is ramping
they aren’t kidding
gad is absolutely right
probably true
interesting
yeah
yeah
quite the switcheroo!
lmao
cable news is dying fast
overrunning our troops is just literally an invasion
small, but great feature
took a long time to first human, as we wanted to be super sure it would be safe and would work well. progress will accelerate dramatically going forward.
yeah, 99% of people have no idea. and improvement will accelerate dramatically now that we are no longer ai training compute constrained.
accurate
i love my team and have great respect for those who do a tough, honest day’s work on the production line or in service and they know it (certainly hope they do). 🫶
🍋 interviewing 😡 karen is definitely a candidate for most unwatchable show on earth and that’s really saying something! 😂
this platform will do whatever it takes to protect the rights of users to remain anonymous, as they would otherwise face persecution from employers (as many have) or risk of physical harm
😂 i say ~5500 years ago when the ancient sumerians first developed writing.
i’m hearing this change of heart from many people
some falcon landing shots
unequal justice …
this is seriously messed up
yeah
yeah, you’ve seen it from the beginning!
glad to have you as an investor!
wild
what are the statistics?
they are
independence for free speech in modern america
yeah, this is insane. if you don’t even own your family home, what do you own that can’t be taken from you by the government?
he’s so unfunny! the other jimmy is way better.
when sending medical advice, ask your doctor, but also ask an experienced nurse. nurses are underrated.
hard to imagine a more painful show than a 🍋 and a karen complaining 😂 you’d need that clockwork orange eyelid peeler device just to sit through the whole thing!
reality has become more bizarre than parody! also, employment discrimination is illegal, so they are breaking the law.
indeed 😂 😢
wokipedia has been corrupted for a long time
absolutely. the actual data is horrifically bad. leave kids alone.
the globe and mail is canada’s pravda
we will help
where and when did this happen? were there any consequences for the attackers?
senator karen’s main economic &amp; tax advisor is sbf’s dad. i suspect some of this is coming from him.
making giant thermonuclear bombs is easy. they figured that out in the 50’s with almost no computers!
true
i should mention that the blindsight implant is already working in monkeys. resolution will be low at first, like early nintendo graphics, but ultimately may exceed normal human vision. (also, no monkey has died or been seriously injured by a neuralink device!)
the classic “lick 👅 and fight ⚔️” 🤣
that’s what i would do too 😀
that might be a factor
yeah
and, although it shouldn’t need to said, i believe in the constitution and freedom of speech
this platform was previously extremely biased, amplifying the left and suppressing the right. now both are free to speak. no voice on the left has been suppressed to the best of my knowledge.
yeah
you’re welcome
sorry, i forgot that was even a position one should take! 😂
my observation is that people are born one way or another – it is not a choice. people should find mutual love and happiness where their heart leads them. i only ask of my gay friends that they have children for the continuance of civilization.
true
thanks john!
this is a battle to the death with the anti-civilizational woke mind virus. my positions are centrist: - secure borders - safe &amp; clean cities - don’t bankrupt america with spending - racism against any race is wrong - no sterilization below age of consent is this right-wing?
true
google is deeply infected with the woke mind virus
the new york times is pure propaganda
good question
optimus limbs, replacing lost human limbs, could ultimately be controlled with superhuman dexterity by an implanted neuralink. deus ex / cyberpunk irl.
thanks
big week
it has that potential
concerning
i’m pretty smart … for a human
long-term, it is possible to shunt the signals from the brain motor cortex past the damaged part of the spine to enable people to walk again and use their arms normally
this is the same tragic realization i came to
surface detail
most people still have no idea
good point 😂
yeah
the school management should have to answer for this
doxxing places people in danger
strange days
definitely!
that would be cool
the potential is profound
yeah
that interview sounds like clockwork orange eyepealer bad!
😂 reality &gt; parody
good week!
lot of big homes in martha’s vineyard, so they should be able to house a lot of migrants!
great stuff coming!
it does seem one-sided
weird that the inside of a rectangular 9 volt battery is actually a bunch of small cylindrical cells
blindsight is the next product after telepathy
this is 🥜
i strive to entertain 😂
yup, fast downward trend
great book
sure is
they are breaking the law
no kidding 🤨
as i was saying …
good question
sounds like torture 😂
exactly
unfortunately so
messed up
true
yeah, recycling household trash, with rare exception, is actually counterproductive. it costs more energy and causes more environmental harm to recycle than not ro recycle!
exactly
yeah ❤️
just the beginning
what!?
exactly
transferring capital from highly efficient capital allocators (entrepreneurs) to highly inefficient capital allocators (government) would destroy the economy, making everyone worse off. btw, sbf’s father is elizabeth warren’s tax legislation advisor. let that sink in.
this is illegal
livestream of demonstrating “telepathy” – controlling a computer and playing video games just by thinking
yeah
both karan and 🍋 are sooo sour!
yeah
great
wow, this is crazy
wow, this is interesting. ccdh is a truly evil organization that just wants to destroy the first amendment under the guise of doing good!
correct
wpath executives deserve a long prison sentence for their crimes mutilating children
that is evil
yeah
yeah, the team just informed me that there were several doxxing violations by this account, despite repeated warnings. the suspension is just for a few days, but the suspension time will increase with each repeated violation.
true
cool
he’s welcome to promote his show on this platform, but i suspect people will find it just as unwatchable as it was on cnn
exactly
live by the sword, die by the sword
yeah
i’m not sure why this account was suspended, but, under our new policy, permanent suspensions are extremely rare and would require many repeated illegal actions (unless obviously just a spam/scam account)
the tendency to drive too slow should be addressed in v12.3.1
v12.3.1 addresses several small annoyances and should start rolling out this weekend
not a “door fit” issue. about 15 cybertrucks in service had an issue where the door striker loosened in the field, due to insufficient torque after door fit. this is takes 5 mins to fix in service and has been addressed in production.
about 15 cybertrucks in service had an issue where the door striker loosened in the field, due to insufficient torque after door fit. this is takes 5 mins to fix in service and has been addressed in production.
true
i love people!
super racist movie!
even though it’s meant to be used for emergencies, it looks like a lot of fun!
dragon is now operational on 2 launchpads!
extreme scale and access to unique data are essential for an ai company
the reason i posted about ketamine (at some personal risk) is that i thought it might help people struggling with bouts of depression. in my opinion, it is a far better solution than being zombified by ssri’s.
🍊 is the new 🍋
amazing 🤩
🍋’s demands were indeed beyond absurd. his team is just trying to do damage control.
lmao
if you don’t even own your own home, then property rights are meaningless!
this matches what i saw when i visited the border
true
this would be great
😂 🍊 is the new 🍋
totally crazy!
. just received his cybertruck
true
morgan freeman is awesome
as always, i say this as an immigrant who is proud to have become a citizen and who supports expanded and expedited *legal* immigration
absolutely. and critical feedback is always welcome!
crazy that texas has to do the job of the biden administration, which filed aggressive legal action to stop the state! if anyone still doesn’t believe that ushering in illegals is the goal of the biden administration, this should convince them.
that’s if everything goes right, but certainly possible
that 4th miiight be bots 😂
thanks
most reasonable people, because they are reasonable, cannot believe that the goal of the far left is to end america
crazy that it wasn’t a unanimous decision, but still good
reality is actually crazier than the south park parody!
yeah, this is messed up
true!
“everything is fine”
go woke, go broke
is that seriously his crime?
yeah
terrible
just a coincidence …
the jan 6 prosecutions have gone too far
yeah, plain as day
well it is “organic”
they are the mouthpiece of the state
that may explain lack of action to stop illegal migration, but doesn’t explain the super aggressive lawsuit by the administration to stop texas from enforcing immigration at the state level!
troubling
misplaced empathy causes great harm
shocker
or a strong-willed president
aoc being hounded by leftists to condemn israel
something else worth noting is that the left, represented by the democratic party, is rapidly becoming antisemitic. even is being hounded by her erstwhile supporters! this stems from the axiomatic error that weak-makes-right, so the “oppressors” are always the bad guys.
the biden administration even mounted a massive legal attack against texas when it tried to enforce immigration law at the state level!
yeah seriously 😂
true
pretty impressive
most polls are fake
this administration ushers in illegals by every means possible, paid for with your tax dollars
an example of why it is so important to preserve freedom of speech
this is actually happening!
yeah
it is concerning that the legacy press would lie so blatantly
lot of “bloodbaths” 😂
demented
yeah
interesting
i’m grateful for kimbal
to understand new physics about the universe and invent amazing technologies
three significant improvements to fsd will roll out roughly every two weeks. should be really shining bright by late april or early may.
exactly
true
yeah!
yikes 😳
discussion about free speech
hearing news from actual experts or people on the ground is way better than having it be filtered through non-experts (media) or people who weren’t actually there
the whole point of the constitution is to restrain the power of government!
have you always been hardcore dem no matter what or do you swing sometimes?
yeah, it’s insane 😂 but, just like actual sausages, the output is good.
discussing freedom of speech
the legacy media is a far left cheering squad. they should be required to register as lobbyists!
with rare exception, almost the entire legacy media industry is a politically far left cheering squad
seriously dumber than a doorstop
great idea 😂
planet fitness sounds like a creepy place
the rate of change of the ratio of digital to biological compute is hyper exponential
latest platform user data!
yeah
if you lower standards for being a doctor, people will die
so defiant 😂
gta irl
we have imported the criminal underworlds of 100 different countries
yeah
this will be an extremely important decision by the supreme court. free speech is the bedrock of democracy.
context makes it worse!? amazing.
yeah
and the biden administration does nothing
whoa
this is a good petition
that’s the whole point of it!
physical fitness tests have been lowered for the military too
on a chart that measured personality and intelligence, 🍋 would be in the worst quadrant – stupid asshole
messed up
this is common at elite high schools and colleges
this simple anecdote illustrates that the goal of the woke mind virus is the destruction of america
this is important
sounds very biased
this is cnn and legacy media are failing
these are actual deaths
the woke hide their evil in a moral cloak
what an unhinged bonehead!
this article understates the magnitude of the problem – google interferes to help democrats thousands of times every election season! this is to be expected when their censorship (aka “trust &amp; safety”) teams are have far left political views.
he is just a bad guy, plain and simple
yeah
amazing
this starship is designed to traverse our entire solar system and beyond to the cloud of objects surrounding us. a future starship, much larger and more advanced, will travel to other star systems.
over time the newspapers have been fading away in relevance. not gone, just as writing and mailing paper letters still happens, but no longer the way most people know what’s going on.
hopefully
you’re welcome, hope you like it
good question
so many defiant l’s!
cybertruck and starlink are something special, but maybe they don’t count as big tech
high productivity team
*closedai
yeah, it’s crazy 😜
metaphor murderers
in unison. tighter coordination than a chorus!
that is indeed what they are saying
dee’s 🥜 😂
major improvements coming for summon &amp; banish (autopark) next month
please sign up to rate &amp; contribute community notes to increase accuracy on 𝕏!
this is a big deal
better next time
dee’s 🥜 😂
they are pushing this hoax hard and looking like fools 😂
let’s go!
still work to do, but this platform is already by far the most transparent &amp; truth-seeking (not a high bar tbh)
tell us more about the “open” part of openai …
they should be suspended and suffer some punishment, but criminal charges against 8th graders is excessive when we are failing to prosecute violent felons
sure, everyone knows stalin &amp; hitler could really bring the house down 🤦‍♂️ 🥁
cool
it’s so cringe it makes my toes curl
lmao
google is scolding users about memes?
bloodbaths … bloodbaths everywhere … 🤣🤣
exactly
doesn’t sound safe for women
yeah
shocker
bloodbath is merely metaphor for me, but not for thee 😂
there thousands of changes from flight 2 to 3, but this is a good summary of major ones
according to our calculations, it should be up there and pretty much intact for over 10m years
us legacy media, with some notable exceptions, is basically the biden cheering squad
this helps show how absurdly deceptive the legacy media is
many americans still have no idea this happened
glad it worked out
amazing
yeah
how to share a post with people outside this platform
yeah
does seem surreal
please send links from this platform to your friends who are still being misled by the legacy media!
google is in on it. they also manipulate their search results with left wing bias.
speech with full context
good idea
yeah!
legacy news lies
yeah
most insane law i’ve heard of maybe ever
good for you
yeah (sigh)
yup, hoax-making in process. and it is surprisingly effective!
based on the number of illegals entering the united states and stacking the electoral deck via the census, he is correct
legacy media lies
probably reduced to 20 and out within ~10
sounds like the npc chorus has some success. did you watch the video? trump is referring to job losses in the auto industry.
easy to tell who is an npc today
concerning
why is the national guard needed to keep the subways safe?
jan 6 was not a “bloodbath” by any definition and trump was referring to job losses in the auto industry when he used that word. your post is extremely misleading.
whoa
sounds pretty bad
this headline is deceptive, as he was referring to the auto industry. shame on nbc.
happy picture
*karen swisher”
exactly
they are programmed relentlessly to think so
interesting
the mainstream view of the dem party will be antisemitic within 5 to 10 years. it is an inevitable outcome of the weak-makes-right moral foundation. for most of history (and still most of the world) it was might-makes-right. this has overcorrected to weak-makes-right.
the algorithm is trying to maximize what is most interesting to you, based on time spent on 𝕏
she called us x 🤩
minecraft is quite a game
yeah, we dodged a lemon 🍋 for sure 😂 he is a beyond entitled and his show is unwatchable.
ok fine, i will buy ur coin
some of that is happening. victim club that is also the cool kids club is an enticing combination.
v12.4 is another big jump in capabilities. our constraint in training compute is much improved.
yeah, bbq would love to hear this idiot’s story over a good steak 😂
are they even having sex or kids? at the end of the day, birth rate is all that matters for civilizational continuity.
it is important that women know the effects of hormonal birth control, as it is a significant cause of depression and increases suicide risk. this is not a value statement, just a public service announcement. other forms of birth control do not have these effects.
the most entertaining outcome – as if we’re in a soap opera – is the most likely erm
large scale falsification of data. hmm …
is this legal?
is that kid ok?
the legacy media has gone from being racist in one direction to racist in the other
exactly
agreed! don’t forget to have kids. no kids, no future.
these guys sound like major a**holes
sent to die in trenches for no gains. the longer there is no peace, the worse for the people of ukraine – more will die and more land will be lost.
cool
if not stopped, the united states as a coherent country will cease to exist, as it will simply blend with the rest of the world, thus ironically defeating the purpose of immigrating here in the first place.
criminal charges for eighth graders for a group chat while violent felons roam free?
exactly!
roger, roger, check your mic, mike!
dang, it’s a biprop rocket thruster!
sweet baby inc is an evil blight on the gaming industry. all they do is make games terrible and try to cancel people. they cannot go broke soon enough!
sigh
unreadable nonsense machine
tesla model y price will rise by $1000 in a few weeks
how many regulatory agencies are there in california!? more referees than players on the field at this rate!
yeah
yeah
no kidding
as crazy as this sounds, some people still believe the legacy news media!
“comms prof” lmao how does one get such a job? phd in bullshit …
who actually gets the money?
exactly. right data, wrong conclusion. frankly, it should be obvious that the treatment was killing people. covid didn’t disappear after that death spike, nor was the vaccine widespread, and yet the death rate regressed to the norm.
no kidding …
we’re totally in the plot line of deus ex
lot of colonels, not many corporals. corporals matter a lot.
another day, another 2 tbps for starlink
there is either a red wave this november or america is doomed. imagine four more years of this getting worse …
nyt is pure propaganda. even their book “best seller” list turns out to be fake.
i hope you do too
starship will be on mars within 5 years
wild that this is a real picture
and that’s being generous
she makes don 🍋 seem reasonable
when life gives you 🍋 …
such a tool
what are his portfolio returns?
indeed
true
cool
pretty much anything that you can do on the ground should be done on the ground. but for warming up mars, reflectors made on phobos &amp; deimos could be a good way to go.
the legacy media has a negative bias about almost everything
exactly
tower cam in real-time
to the stars
yeah, these days, the losers are still alive and have a lot of time on their hands
true
i say as an immigrant who is proud to have become a citizen and who supports vastly expanded *legal* immigration
and we finished building the rave cave!
cool!
fire that contemptible cretin!
really? if you just say “pope”, that’s what it does?
😂 well, , perhaps this brings home the fact that the legacy media should be taken with a grain of salt.
that is the actual sign at starbase, texas
don 🍋 is still putting his (very annoying) show on this platform, it’s just that we are not willing to guarantee minimum payments to him
the “paper clippy” problem
this is concerning for now, but as ai gains more and more power, it may become deadly
a friend of mine suggested that i clarify the nature of the danger of woke ai, especially forced diversity. if an ai is programmed to push for diversity at all costs, as google gemini was, then it will do whatever it can to cause that outcome, potentially even killing people.
this is very important
dang, that’s true 💡 😂
easy pickings
haha 💯
this is insane!
what an evil creep!
only a matter of time
yeah, every starlink system helps fund mars
really, that’s all?
cool
even karl marx thinks bernie is a bit much 😂
yeah
good riddance
it is racist to claim that people can’t figure out how to get id!
yeah
american cities have become dangerous and dirty with drug needles lying on the sidewalk. they had to call out the national guard just so that people could ride the subway in new york, but nonetheless yesterday a guy was shot in the head with his own gun!
it’s not. that’s just radical far left propaganda.
absolutely
bernie is a communist, obviously
that is not my experience. i also think the distinction between science and engineering is a foolish one, aimed primarily at puffing up the self-importance of those who call themselves the former. what actually matters is working on the limiting factor. sometimes, that is
go woke, go broke. shareholder lawsuits willl follow.
there are so many regulations that major new construction is practically illegal in america
true
yes. technically, you can automate any task, but it requires a lot of specialized programming. earth is already tailor-made for generalized humanoid robots.
“cis” is a slur
has anyone seen ilya?
they are used somewhat synonymously. “entry” is easier on the tongue than “reentry”.
that is a major concern
yeah
yesterday was one step closer to life on mars
when will this madness stop?
it is insane that the radical far left biden administration would push chemical castration drugs on children under the fake description of “puberty blockers”!
powerwall keeps your home power on even if the utility is out for many hours
wow, that’s dark
starship is the first rocket/spacecraft capable of making life multiplanetary. what really matters for the preservation and extension of consciousness is extending it beyond earth to the rest of the solar system and, ultimately, to millions of stars.
💯 it needs to be rewritten
😂 that thought has crossed my mind several times
even though i think don 🍋 is a pompous fool who spouts nonsense, he is still free to upload his show to 𝕏 and will receive advertising revenue
why does the radical far left biden administration welcome violent illegals into america to prey upon your friends &amp; family? we are even warned by other countries that it is insane to make america a haven for their convicted criminals!
the far left us administration is using your tax dollars to fly violent criminals into america
true
max payload of starship v1 in expendable mode (like the other rockets) is ~200 tons. v3 is expected to be ~200 tons with full reusability and ~400 tons expendable. length will grow by 20 to 30 meters and thrust to ~10k tons.
starlink still works
strange that they would withhold his information
starlink maintained the connection while starship was moving at ~17,000 mph through super heated plasma, which greatly impedes the signal
yeah
not bad for a bunch of monkeys
below planck-length (smallest measurable distance), there is no practical purpose for digits of pi and it can be thought of as a ~66 digit integer that describes the number of voxels in this reality/simulation
it’s a 🍋 for sure 😂
imagine seeing this view on your way to mars ✨
same 😂
i have a lot of democrat friends, but they are increasingly switching to republican
if things go well, spacex will put about 50% more tonnage in orbit this year using falcon, which would be above 90% market share. once starship is in full swing building a city on mars, it will do ~99% of all payload to orbit &amp; beyond, as that objective requires about a megaton
true, the far left idea that the only way to save democracy is by destroying democracy is insane!
thanks marc
this censorship bill if far too broad. it will be abused in the future.
you can’t see the video? it is very graphic, as nbc was falsely casting doubt about cannibalism.
wired died long ago
yeah
the support from our neighbors across the rio grande in mexico is much appreciated!
we kicked off the start of spacex with a mariachi band!
two decades ago
thank you! we look forward to supporting in returning american astronauts to the moon.
true
at the time, i thought there was no way we would hold a candle to boeing!
the truth is coming to light
stopping crypto/porn spam bots is not easy, but we’re working on it
true
starship is evolving rapidly
accurate
spacex aims to make life multiplanetary, which means that the technology must be orders of magnitude better than companies that just want to put some satellites in orbit
reuters is the most deceptive news organization on earth
reuters is the worst 😂
starship will take humanity to mars
starship will make life multiplanetary
all the lights are on
watch the super hot plasma field grow as starship re-enters the atmosphere!
yeah, this was wild. we’ve never seen the super hot plasma grow in real-time!
spacex has come a long way
and lil x
at ~5000 tons, starship is the largest flying object ever made
hot-staging
starship reached orbital velocity! congratulations team!!
about 3 mins before launch t-0
zucker wrote the questions
they stole everything
what do you call this?
starship launch attempt in ~5 hours
true
that sure is a weird thing to say
they are such liars
accurate 😂
the support of brandenburg is much appreciated
and you can also use airplay
“scientific” american has gone crazy
exactly. that’s the showstopper.
i couldn’t play gta. don’t want to hurt them even if they’re npcs.
video games need to get rid of the woke bs. getting lectured with tedious propaganda is not why people play games!
in what form?
yeah
only people walking through airports watch cnn, but still good of them to get the message out!
i just saw a video of someone in haiti chewing the (uncooked fwiw) 🍆 off a dead guy
yikes
the good life 😂
exactly. 🍋 was just reading from cue cards. he has no clue.
🍋 is welcome to monetize on this platform, just like everyone else. what we aren’t going to do is guarantee minimum payments to him, as he was demanding, which would be going beyond everyone else! unfortunately, all 🍋 wants to do is rehash the dying cnn business model “but
yeah, video games are *way* too woke. it kills the vibe.
starship flight 3 maybe tomorrow
one had already been arrested?
yeah
my personal favorite
it’s like this, but with a guy named “barbecue” instead
objecting to rolling out the red (in more ways than one) carpet for homicidal cannibals seems like a reasonable position to me
those are jarring, to say the least. the nonchalant nature of the cannibalism makes it even more disturbing.
if wanting to screen immigrants for potential homicidal tendencies and cannibalism makes me “right wing”, then i would gladly accept such a label! failure to do so would put innocent americans in mortal risk. shame on nbc. shame, shame, shame.
interesting
his approach was basically just “cnn, but on social media”, which doesn’t work, as evidenced by the fact that cnn is dying. and, instead of it being the real don lemon, it was really just jeff zucker talking through don, so lacked authenticity. all this said, lemon/zucker are
it will take at least a decade before a majority of cars are self-driving, but this is a legitimate concern in that time horizon. of more immediate concern is that it is already possible to severely ostracize someone simply by freezing their credit cards and bank account, as
it is definitely not ok
woke ideology wants you to die
free speech is the bedrock of democracy
just posting so the public knows how crazy this is
that’s how i feel in video games :)
unfortunately true
teach a people to hate themselves and their history and they are defenseless against mind viruses. they can be reprogrammed with ease.
gathering video training data over a wide range of adversarial conditions
interesting discussion of how mind viruses are created and amplified
thanks to the hard work of the tesla giga berlin team and support from the community, the factory is back online!
good summary of the history of slavery
children are the future
the people of ireland will fire this guy at the next election
raptor is roughly 10x more complex than merlin, but worth it
true
the exact same people who said everyone had to have a vaccine id also say no id is needed for voting!
that is my concern
russia will keep making territorial gains in mostly russian-speaking areas until they reach mostly ukrainian-speaking areas, at which point local opposition will make further gains extremely difficult. this notion that russia can arbitrarily steamroll any region, even with
insane that this an actual thing that the crazy far left is advocating!
exactly
interesting priorities. about a year ago, i posted that ukraine should not waste their men’s lives charging heavily entrenched russian positions and should themselves entrench. instead, lives were indeed wasted on futile offensive operations, accomplishing nothing but
good question
yeah
exactly what i was thinking 😂
he certainly doesn’t seem dangerously crazy
exactly
yeah
the mind virus still controls their brain
of course
rockets are hard
yeah
ai will probably be smarter than any single human next year. by 2029, ai is probably smarter than all humans combined.
cool
major improvements
must be a bug. that account still exists.
taking dayquil
it is terrifyingly accurate!
madness
feels like rats solving a maze. just not fun imo.
overspending must stop or america will go bankrupt
unless something is missing here, the punishment is far in excess of the crime
britain has actually looked at the data, which is why they’re shutting down puberty blockers for kids – they do far more harm than good
true
model 3 is more affordable than most people realize
the double standard is obvious to the public, which naturally reduces faith in the justice system
exactly
video on this platform is growing fast
actually, i made the algorithm open source and neutral to all parties, but of course that *is* “election interference” by her standards 😂
tesla full self-driving v12.3 in action
i do like some of the other letters too :)
always has been
for the children
no kidding
how can they resist the temptation!?
yeah, this is insane
cool
seems that way
hopefully, at least 6 more flights this year
flight 3 end of week, pending weather
failure to require photo id to vote obviously makes it impossible to prove voter fraud. that is why the far left refuses to require photo id to vote.
with the help of my others
puberty blockers aka sterilization drugs will no longer be prescribed to children in britain, due to potentially severe negative effects
the new openai logo is really on point
uh what
it will get there
the legacy media is racist against asians and whites
so, yeah, the legacy media is super racist
seems to be hardly any coverage of this mass shooting. the legacy media is racist against asians &amp; whites, so only prints crime involving those races.
congrats to you and your team!
gender reassignment surgery doubles risk of suicide for men
just use tunnels
using hormonal birth control, which greatly amplifies depression, and having no children would make any mammal sad and we are mammals. lacking children, another outlet is sought for their compassion, but unfortunately that is sometimes a cause destructive to civilization.
and growing rapidly every day
it is
thank! and remember to send links to friends so they aren’t fooled by the legacy media.
the woke mind virus has even infected science journals, who should be particularly ashamed of themselves, given that science is pursuit of the truth
this will barely dent the deficit. the problem is spending, not taxation.
what!?
thanks joe!
often true
either they’re dumber than a doorstop or they’re puppets of sinister forces
we should have much more legal immigration instead of massive illegal immigration. i’m very much pro immigrant, but legally.
in his own words … mayorkas was the first ever homeland security secretary to be impeached by the house.
someone else sent this meme in a group chat and you were given a prison sentence?
whoa
this is insane
this law is not just about tiktok, it is about censorship and government control! if it were just about tiktok, it would only cite “foreign control” as the issue, but it does not.
the motherlode
if they’re messing with video games, that makes me extra mad 😠
this is a big release. should arguably be called v13.
dhs should not be funding anything that is homeland security
it sure is!
the woke mob tried to make it essentially illegal
something is fundamentally – not slightly – wrong with the dark matter theories. dark energy is perhaps less dubious, but still not really understood.
wtf happened to “new scientist”!?
she’s just angry 24/7 grrr 😡
yeah
wood-fired pizza is the best
such gems as
“the cuomover”
it is racist that they think getting an id is racist!
true
interesting
so true
people should be very concerned about the biases being programmed into ai
totally!
absolutely. even calling it “safety” is skating on thin ice, but still way better.
cool
big move
yeah, totally nonchalant
lot of material for cannibal jokes
his intern’s name is amuse-bouche
yikes
exactly. any organization that puts “trust” in their name cannot trusted, as that is obviously a euphemism for censorship. we are changing the name of our trust &amp; safety group, to simply . trust is something that must be earned. the goal of our safety team is simply to
true
i saw that too 😳
there are so few innovative products. almost everything is just a boring copy of the past with slight variances.
mad max looks tame by comparison
exactly. increasing illegals boosts dem voting power, causing them to recruit even more! if dems win president, house &amp; senate (with enough seats to overcome filibuster), they’ll grant citizenship to all illegals &amp; america will become a permanent one-party deep socialist state.
in the coming weeks, posts that you add to your highlights tab will receive a slight boost in reach, provided this function is not overused. highlights are meant to be what you think are your most interesting posts.
almost a decade ago now!
more presidential and house of representatives electoral votes will be assigned to the new illegals biden has let in than the population of 40 us states. let that sink in.
whatever steps most likely increase the probability of the future being good
same
wise words
absolutely
interesting
haha exactly 🎯
yeah
1000’s of changes
exactly
biden is just a grim puppet. he spoke out of turn and was instructed to bend the knee in ignominy.
this week, will open source grok
when people wonder “how bad can it really get?”, well it can get cannibal-gang bad …
is this for real ?
“airport closed for bbq”
true
now, 10 times as many people per year are “pouring over the border”, to use obama’s words. america is 4% of earth’s population. if even 1% of earth moves here – and there is every incentive to do so – that is 80 million people.
how times change
finally has a use
doesn’t fit the narrative
did that kid recover?
i just did!
i wonder why 🤔
guess i was wrong
well, that was surprising
really? homo sapiens does originate in africa, but that was a long time ago.
really cool stuff coming both this month and next
two falcon 9 launches today, carrying 4 terabits/second of capacity to orbit
whoever is strongest will rule
yeah
mad max seems tame by comparison
how long does digital last though
civilization is fragile
they do
literally what happened
that was epic
yeah
they mean the same thing
when an award is diluted, everyone knows, including those who received it, and it no longer commands respect
yeah
when is enough enough?
playing gauntlet feels like washing the dishes. unlike aoz, there is no risk of death to create tension and having a fixed layout means you have to do endless maze path memorization.
winning an oscar now just means you won the woke contest
end of days. this is bleaker than mad max.
cool
yeah
until you realize that wokeness has been programmed into the ai. it is one thing to have humans push an anti-human philosophy, but quite another to have an all-powerful ai do so.
tell me about it
this is the biggest corruption of american democracy in the 21st century
sounds about right. data input is still vastly higher than output. realistic sustained output for humans is &lt;10bps. peak is optimistically a kilobit.
they will turn off the simulation way before then. it’s probably not worth the compute beyond a trillion years, maybe even 100b.
wow, learn something new every day
being fixed. top priority.
getting fixed this week
interesting
thanks! and please send links to friends who still think that the legacy news media is real! as mind-blowingly tragic as this sounds, some poor suckers still believe cnn …
true
this is what happens when they arrest those who defend other citizens, but let the criminals run free
starlink will work in haiti
it is
true
cool
oh no 😂
they should pop by for a visit. say hi to “barbecue”. i hear he grills a great steak!
sure seems that way
indeed, it is a blatant lie
the new york times is pure propaganda
whoa
so they will only respond to extreme violence?
her head was viciously smashed into the concrete several times. this is at minimum third degree (unintentional) murder.
where was this?
unfortunately, this is true
absolutely
not me
fight the free speech haters!
missing in action
accurate
the new york times is pure propaganda
it will indeed
a concerning trend
a friend of mine’s wife still doesn’t have hers and it’s been years
yeah
kara is basically the angry emoji in human form 😡
it’s all about the journey
the current irish government does not represent the people of ireland
so many have died over the past year for no progress. how many more must die?
tragic, but true
how did de niro survive trump’s first term? must be a miracle.
i am heartened that most people picked the third option, as did i
the state of the cat is only rendered by the simulation when it is observed, just like a video game
exactly
this is messed up
unreal
absolutely
nobody cares about hunting down retired actors
“undocumented” makes it sound like someone just didn’t fill out some form
yeah
the dem party is increasingly reliant upon illegals to retain power. that’s why.
disturbing
i just here to read all the bot-generated comments
yeah
it has become basically illegal to do major construction projects fast in america
this is insane
true
sounds like there is much more to be concerned about in this bill than who owns tiktok!
🎶 always look on the bright side of life 🎶
exactly
same, i could feel the ai probing my brain. most humans have very limited firewalls, so are easily programmed.
a study in contrasts
crazy
small world
😂 collective insanity
yeah, this is super deceptive
because i am raising concerns about the flood of unvetted illegal immigrants overwhelming american cities, the press will often characterize me as “anti-immigrant”. as an immigrant myself, nothing could be further from the truth. i am very much in favor of increased and
illegals beat up american police officers in times square, got out of jail for free and, instead of being deported, were given free tickets to california … why?
this is very promising!
most americans do not know that the us census currently counts, for purposes of voting power, all people in a district, regardless of citizenship! senate democrats just voted unanimously to defeat an amendment that would have stopped counting illegals for congressional seat
btw, you can already use apple airplay to play videos from your phone to your tv
coming soon
we just want people to be able to watch long videos in comfort on their big screen tv
concerning
exactly
indeed
sure
exactly
cybertruck is tough
😂 it must look pretty weird when a whole fleet of the teslas keep going through the same intersection over and over
i would support rand paul and suspect that other candidates will not actually run polls out of concern for the results, but let’s see if they will!
frank herbert really thought that one through 😂
just make great movies ffs
tesla is hardcore
sigh
crazy difference
great one
spacex team is doing great work
cool 😀
junk jet weapon from fallout. it shoots any kind of junk you find in the wasteland.
would be interesting to see the other senate leadership candidates run similar polls
sure
good progress by the spacex starlink team on reducing ping (latency)!
exactly
starlink
talulah is such a good person
the new spacex starlink factory near austin looks great! note, california factory is still going.
on balance, though, the new slate of elected officials is a big improvement, right?
evil
was good to hang out with friends at the fallout tv series party/set. i’m a big fan of the fallout games.
growth continues
preserving and extending consciousness is the goal
very concerning
i believe in liberalism in the sense supporting freedom of thought and action, but modern liberalism is the opposite of that
yeah
their preferred term for an illegal immigrant is fdv (future dem voter)
sigh
trump’s statement there is correct
is there something amazing about this toilet that i’m missing?
i’m fine with a min 25% tax (my record tax payment was roughly 50%!), but, as you point out, it is false of biden to claim that a 25% min for “billionaires” will solve the deficit.
exactly
interesting
some interesting points
interesting discussion
the edges of society feel like they’re fraying
in all seriousness, i suspect adderall. it adds coherence at the cost of anger.
blue door
i hope not
now live
why did you vote against deporting illegals who commit crime in america?
good for jk!
messed up
every parent should read this
woohoo 🥂
exactly
it appears insane, until you realize that they view deportations as lost votes
car talk with tesla
exactly
doesn’t it seem odd to vote against deporting illegals who commit a crime?
good
and how many presidential electoral votes each state gets!
exactly
true!
major problems
most americans are still unaware that the census counts all people, including illegal immigrants, for deciding how many house seats each state gets! this results in dem states getting roughly 20 more house seats, which is another strong incentive for them not to deport illegals.
won’t save a plane at low altitude and payload reduction is substantial
meme goes hard
talented family!
sounds like a good move to ensure safety of the subways (must be a pretty bad situation)
for sure
yeah
and be shown to all users or only verified users
good
and fast!
no kidding …
same
cool
absolutely
southern poverty law center is a scam
alarming
it is incredibly disturbing
seems ok
correct
although i did kinda like my prosecute/fauci pronouns
fucking dumb
further delete the bar graph next to view count &amp; “…”
they should run that poll per game. the result will be overwhelmingly no.
we will offer the ability to do a poll that shows up in other people’s feeds that can be targeted by topic and location
it is
long way to go, but 𝕏 will strive to make every pixel perfect
i’ve been dying to do this for a year
just time &amp; viewcount in the upper right, nothing on the bottom. swipe right to reply, left to favorite, tap &amp; hold for all other actions. very clean.
yeah
the world might be very different if bakunin had made it to the netherlands on time and enabled the anarchist faction to win the debate against marx
social acceptance is a powerful force
wow, even iceland
yeah
competition causes excellence
unreal
absolutely
homer
wpath is pure evil
madness
it will
the vast majority of polls are bs. polls on this platform at least reach some real users. but if you ask a room full of people when they last answered a poll from a stranger, the answer is usually ~0%.
absolutely
one of the most insane coverups ever
what sensor is needed?
best answer i’ve heard
unless there are some testable predictions that have surfaced
sure looks like it
exactly!
haha amazing 🤩
not worth retrofitting, as too many systems need to change, but certainly possible for new cars
that is definitely happening. just view count, as proxy for the other metrics, will show on the timeline
that matches “orwell’s rule” that any given piece of legislation will most likely do the opposite of its name
😬 pretty much
exactly
lmaooo
starship will have a small spin on the way to mars. even a tiny gravity vector is better than none.
yeah
they’re 🦇 💩 crazy
sigh indeed
these equations are incredibly profound
i have one
accurate assessment. weak monsters means it doesn’t have the thriller aspect of trying to stay alive that aoz had. current gauntlet is basically a maze-memorization game, which is less fun. cool that you’re sharing how you do it though.
reality is getting crazy fast
yeah
they really terminated his account just because of a post on this platform?
yeah
lot of job cuts
governments will attempt to seize power over agi, which may be worse. but it is increasingly coming down to a choice of what company do you trust most to develop agi.
there is new hope in sf
i love dune, but frank herbert – a genius writer – was obviously tripping balls writing that book. can’t expect total coherence in a situation like that 😂 my guess is that he was high af lying on the lawn one day and saw an earthworm and thought “what if it was really big”.
demis is mired in a bureaucracy of banal evil that he cannot fix
kids can be taught to believe anything. mental firewalls are hit-and-miss for most adults and almost non-existent for most kids.
kids can be taught to believe anything. mental firewalls are hit-and-miss for adults and almost non-existent for most kids.
openai needs to stop living a lie
why is the book title in small font?
fixed it
machiavelli was an armchair quarterback
exactly
yeah
they moved to other platforms, including instagram, facebook, etc, when we shut them down on this one
they need to stop lying
openai is living a lie
openai is living a lie
to closedai and i will drop the lawsuit
the withdrawal from afghanistan went very badly
politics is tribal, rather than logical
exactly
this is obvious. incentives drive behavior. until the loss of votes from ushering in vast numbers of illegal immigrants exceeds the likely gain of votes over time (as they are gradually legalized), the democratic party has a strong incentive to maximize illegal immigration.
both the us and china are extremely dependent on each other
thank goodness!
and it will keep improving via software updates
i actually have space lasers lol
the power of government grows ever stronger with each passing year
true
just to be super clear, i am not donating money to either candidate for us president
they just keep stepping on rakes
it’s a simple matter of incentives
don’t want to brag, but i think i’m aging rather well for being 5000 years old ☺️
great progress by the team towards making life multiplanetary!
congrats matt!
politicians will not expel likely future voters. just a matter of incentives.
problem solved!
true
nice shot
indeed
true
true
cybertruck on hoth
seriously
change your name
it will be amazing
unfortunately, too much work piled up. will have to wait until the weekend.
i liked aoz more
nice
thanks, that is an accurate assessment. training compute is currently our limiting factor, but that issue is being resolved fast.
join the london office!
it was inevitable 😂 now back to work. will stream on 𝕏 late tonight.
amazing 😂
real-time systems ftw
america is only 4% of earth’s population. if even 1% of the rest of earth moved here, we would be swamped.
i love the smell of irony in the morning
absolutely, america needs safe cities!
i hope more people like marty run for office
to be fair, we do overclock the open laptop and also use it for warmth
that’s amazing 🤣🤣 the media hate djt next-level!!
ny times is controlled by the reporters union rep and they don’t allow any real dissent
if you’re reading this post, it’s because our servers are working
yeah
the few studies that are out there actually contradict the claims that “gender-affirming care” reduces suicide risk and the industry making money off this tries their hardest to avoid new studies being done. what does that tell you?
america will fall if it tries to absorb the world. that is why i am banging the drum so much about this issue.
yeah, let the public make their own assessment
that’s how you know the reporter *really* hates tesla and/or is being fed this bs by a pr (aka propaganda) company paid by the lawyers
moreover the “border protection” bill would have allowed mayorkas to place new illegals on a fast-track to us citizenship. this fact is almost never mentioned.
someone should download the cbp one app and make a step by step video of this insanity. that’s a lot of planes and a lot of airports. amazing that they kept this secret for so long.
that stuff is amazing
this note will soon get downvoted, but it is nonetheless concerning. all data and code is open source, so let’s figure out what happened here.
treason indeed! ushering in vast numbers of illegals is why secretary mayorkas was impeached by the house. they are importing voters. this is why groups on the far left fight so hard to stop voter id requirements, under the absurd guise of protecting the right to vote.
that senate bill would have increased, not decreased, illegal immigration and made it almost impossible for states like texas to challenge the law by pushing all challenges to the dc circuit
i’m ready to fight zuck anywhere, anytime with any rules. lfg!!!
these are either the dumbest eco-terrorists on earth or they’re puppets of those who don’t have good environmental goals. stopping production of electric vehicles, rather than fossil fuel vehicles, ist extrem dumm.
“non us citizens without passports” is a code phrase for undocumented illegal immigrants who have the special government envelope. us citizens and visitors from other countries still need us government-issued id or a passport.
we are actually the same person
ironically, he missed the irony
it is obvious to anyone who is not a fool that this administration is deliberately importing vast numbers of illegals. no grand conspiracy theory is needed to explain this, just simple incentives: they are far more likely to vote democrat than republican. this is why dems are
in case you were wondering how superconductors work, this is a good explanation. they are a very interesting phenomenon and may prove economically useful, but are not a hard requirement for a sustainable energy future. physics has many powerful tools of reasoning to understand
i’m still up for it
seems just as bad as gemini
it is inevitable. very important to train the ai for maximum truth vs insisting on diversity or it may conclude that there are too many humans of one kind or another and arrange for some of them to not be part of the future.
i’ve seen this story play out at least 10k times
live by the sword, …
temporary work permits, done right, is better than forcing illegals to work illegally or live off of taxpayer funds
there may be some former spacex engineers working there, but spacex is not backing this company
so many tears from the tds crowd. incidentally, the swan in swan lake swims upon a lake of tears.
“treasured future voter”
the dragon is on final docking approach to
not sure how long that lil bot would last in the wilds of ny/sf/la
we still don’t know what happened to that cat
tax dollars at work
epic (albeit disturbing) shirt tbh
it’s a no-brainer
concerning
maybe we are just a csv file on an alien computer. what the odds that this reality is base csv?
most people don’t realize this is actually true
took some benadryl for an allergic reaction. their marketing is spot on.
ok, we definitely need more poll options 😂
and some people still believe the news 🤯
this administration is both importing voters and creating a national security threat from unvetted illegal immigrants. it is highly probable that the groundwork is being laid for something far worse than 9/11. just a matter of time.
yeah
the “algorithm”
not to mention his other friend, ky-man. just a coincidence 😂
in less than 10 years, the us dem party will be actively antisemitic as its mainstream view. mark these words.
crickets
how many years do you think we have left?
google and facebook/instagram have a strong political bias. hard to say if they were the deciding factor in any given election, but they certainly put their thumb on the scale. that video of google execs holding an all-hands struggle session after trump won was disturbing.
tds is a hell of a disease
notes ftw again
real keith &gt;&gt; parody keith
being attacked by 60 mins is like being gummed by a very old man who forgot to put in his dentures – gross, but ineffective
funny parody account 😂
are these numbers definitely real? if so, this extremely alarming.
if the emoji fits … 🤷‍♂️
“frickin’ lasers in space!”
cybertruck is built bullet-tough
corporate says the videos are the same
trump derangement syndrome (tds) is a very real disease
the sheer insanity of that actual response from google’s ai is staggering! they will fix it to be less obvious in the future, but the bias will still be in there. ai mirrors the mistakes of its creators. when people wonder how things might go wrong if ai controlled the world,
even caitlyn prefers misgendering!
woke jeopardy ideas … “difficult questions that require context for $400” is it better to: a. cleanse the earth in nuclear fire. b. vote republican.
“if biden were a flesh-eating zombie with 5 seconds to live where, upon being re-elected, earth would plunge into a 1000 years of darkness, i would still vote for him.” – mark cuban
great work by the team
interesting
my comp for achieving this “impossible goal” was zero
but this time they’re right
2017 feels so long ago
boom town
seems disproportionate
vector sum of humans on team, usable compute and unique access to data define ai competitiveness. it is remarkable how quickly we run out of human-created data. reality itself and synthetic data ftw.
yeah
yikes
cyberbeast is faster than a porsche 911, but looks like a truck, so perhaps the valet wasn’t expecting so much acceleration
impressive
if you just read olbermann’s posts as parody, they are hilarious 🤣
they won’t mess with texas
starship flight 3 preparing for launch
thanks :)
population is plummeting
good for ice!
garland is insulting the intelligence of his audience
yup, one of many sneaky moves in that diabolical bill that would have done the opposite of securing the border
true
yeah
that is cruel
only to be ruled by new generations of octogenarians
yeah
yeah (sigh)
because chess is so widely-understood, it is played mostly for social reasons. at this point, even your phone could beat the best human chess players on earth (sigh). won’t be long before ai can win at games that have vastly higher degrees of freedom than chess. hope it’s nice
yeah
a classic by
much more so than mars!
it’s insulting and racist of them to claim some people can’t get voter id!
true, they are awful
forever and ever, til the end of time
this judge does not seem to be upholding the law
i hope this turns around
extreme levels of deception
it would certainly be easy for a state actor to steal their ip
hypocrisy in the limit
this will be cool
interesting
sure
many improvements coming
even judges are not above the law
concerning
oh the irony is just too much
the biggest lie the legacy media makes is narrative: choosing what to write about and what not to write about
he was amazing. one of the best compliments ever given was said about wellington: “he states every difficulty before he undertakes any service, but none after he has undertaken it.”
three things america needs: - secure borders - safe cities - sensible spending
i have
forgot he was blocked (or why). i aspire to have zero blocks.
it is indeed
if america doesn’t stop extreme overspending, the entire federal budget will just be interest payments
yikes!
the media have their marching orders
i was surprised to learn of the large role of religious charities in supporting illegals
and it gets worse every day
sure
oh what a tangled web we weave …
those lawyers are reaching new heights of hypocrisy! fate loves irony, but hates hypocrisy …
crazy times
obviously my fault, but damn we better do something about this or the whole federal budget will just be interest payments with nothing left for anything else!
heck of a coincidence 😂
yeah, it is alarmingly easy
we at least need to know where exactly the money is going and what the exit strategy is. either way, government spending is out of control.
yeah, this structure is either legal and everyone should do it or it is illegal and openai is a house of cards
yeah
yeah
that is what surprises people most
vinod doesn’t know what he is talking about here
“commissar” is the right word. like this, but way less fun:
absolutely
true
no, because this is the current peak speed per beam and the beams are large, so this system is only effective where there is no existing cellular service. this service works in partnership with wireless providers, like what and announced.
spacex just achieved peak download speed of 17mb/s from satellite direct to unmodified samsung android phone
that is one of the fundamental questions
the massive flood of illegal immigration is due to 94 executive actions by the biden administration. until those executive actions are revoked, claims by biden that he wants to address illegal immigration are a bold-faced lie.
true. i always wondered why nato continued to exist even though its nemesis and reason to exist, the warsaw pact, had dissolved.
our policy is maximum freedom of speech within the laws of each country
sure seems like the us is overpaying!
i wonder who is behind all this
i agree
turns out this was due to a court judgment in brazil, which is being appealed, but should not apply outside of brazil
messed up
the legacy media lies as easy as breathing. reuters is the worst right now.
yeah
whoa
disgusting
good question
the literal origin of the word “slave” refers to white slaves!
true
that is an actual choice i face every day 😂
fixing
i will help out
they are evil
they are evil
so ironic
absolutely
yeah
the system is broken. best to get out of delaware as soon as possible possible.
it’s never the “shareholder”. they are just a puppet. the real parasite is the class action law firm.
they need to change their vote
it is utterly disgraceful
the lawyers who did nothing but damage tesla want $6 billion. criminal.
unfortunately, that is true
this is messed up
shell game, corporate edition
exactly
haha 💯
yeah
yeah
yeah
whoa!
looking into it
yes, good movie
good book
the sleeper has awoken
starlink now available in mongolia!
optimus
such hypocrisy!
community notes ftw again
yeah, it’s a scam
this is just about repeated, targeted harassment of a particular person
you’re not going to get suspended
how to audio or video call someone on 𝕏
in the coming weeks, grok will summarize these mammoth laws before they are passed by congress, so you know what their real purpose is
as the prophecy foretold
people who get their news from legacy tv live in a fake alternate reality. those so-called “toughest reforms” would have made invasion-level migration permanent. that diabolical “border bill” deserved to die and shame on those who supported it.
worth it
great framing!
why the opposition to bridge? what does he think bridge will do?
he was excellent
well said, !
one of the first things hitler did upon gaining power was apply aggressive censorship
true
grok 3 is so based 😂
grok 3
will be honing product with the team all weekend, so offline until then
grok 3 release with live demo on monday night at 8pm pt. smartest ai on earth.
such a big jump in a short time doesn’t make sense
unsustainable
well, is now a real part of the government and accomplishing a lot! what are the odds?
this is clearly a waste of money and a freedom of speech violation
tax reform is needed. too many loopholes.
absolutely
potentially illegal payments will now be paused for review
true
the democrat party is quite literally the party for criminals, as criminals vote &gt;90% dem, as they are the soft-on-crime party! simple incentives explain behavior.
yeah
the magnitude of the fraud in government payments (your tax dollars being spent) is much higher than you think!
because those media organizations were paid by usaid and they don’t want to confess their crimes
good idea
good point
the dems are trying to hide possibly the biggest fraud scheme in human history!
exactly
i meant melanin 😂 shows i’m retarded too!
totally inappropriate!
this idea that jewish people are “not white” is ridiculous. someone like kristol is peak white, if anything. that dude barely has any melatonin!
there is no greater evidence against white supremacy than an idiot like kristol!
you are a subtard
this was a criminal action
why are the fraudsters you’re trying to protect?
same
no kidding …
swisher &amp; galloway are threatening talented, young software engineers who are gave up high compensation for death threats in order to help the american people. shame on swisher &amp; galloway, cruel, mean &amp; deceitful human beings that they are!
usaid pressured advertisers to boycott any media that was not left-wing!
she just wants the fraud &amp; waste to continue
the team, at the direction of the president &amp; his leadership team, is making great progress improving the efficiency of how your tax dollars are spent. i am confident that almost any fully informed american will be happy with the results.
this is kinda true 😂
the meme that american tax dollars were funding both sides of the conflict was real!
the democratic party still doesn’t realize how many americans they have alienated with their shady, ironically undemocratic tactics. against the wishes of their electorate, they stopped bernie from being the candidate several years ago, then trashed rfk very unfairly and then
mental illness
unreal!
this trend must be reversed
this administration has one chance for major reform that may never come again. it’s now or never.
it’s glorious 🇺🇸🇺🇸
true
as he should 😂
fake anonymous
that was indeed a messed up thing to say in that movie
true
you’re a liar
deep state puppets
the california high-speed rail project is an example of where incompetence in the limit is indistinguishable from fraud
true
any corrections or comments about these numbers?
awesome 😎
lot of work to do to regain democracy from the bureaucracy
this is a job for big balls 😂
exactly
thanks to the unwavering support of president , it is increasingly probable that the deficit can be reduced by ~$1t in fy26.
so much crazy government spending!
good question
fair point
i didn’t realize this was unusual 😂
yikes 😳
so true 🤣🤣
what is this “department of education” you keep talking about? i just checked and it doesn’t exist.
accurate
there are tens of millions of media &amp; software subscriptions paid by the federal government – your tax dollars – that show zero usage!!
exactly. total madness!
ed martin is awesome
we are on the most entertaining timeline 😂
biden’s memory is not functional
absolutely
can you believe that universities with tens of billions in endowments were siphoning off 60% of research award money for “overhead”? what a ripoff!
exactly
that’s insane
this is so crazy!
oh the irony 😂
she’s just plain cruel
good point
true
they did above zero good things, but still need to go
i listen at 2x. normal speech is sooo slow.
absolutely
so funny 🤣🤣
seriously 😂
more taxpayer money saved
this building is now occupied by
no such department exists in the federal government
balanced budget is going to happen
accurate 🤣🤣
🫡 he will be brought back. to err is human, to forgive divine.
i love as much as a straight man can love another man
greatest president ever!
make europe great again!
yes, mr. president!
what the hell? certainly improper, possibly criminal.
great idea!
indeed. so many issues like this can be solved simply by internalizing responsibility.
true
bring back staffer who made inappropriate statements via a now deleted pseudonym?
exactly
the democrats really want their bribe money
true
true
confirm kash now
absolutely
doesn’t that seem odd? 🤔
she should be fired immediately
unbelievable
true. soros figured out how to leverage a relatively small amount of his money into massive taxpayer money.
the savings is much higher than that. fully loaded average cost per federal employee, including benefits, is &gt;$250k. also, private contractors used and purchase orders issued are proportionate to headcount. a useful rule of thumb is probably closer to $1m per federal employee
the democratic party is dying by their own hand
live by the sword, die by the sword
accounts who doxxed have been suspended here and on tiktok. please lmk if any remain.
she’s a disgusting and cruel person
thanks
american weapons programs need to be completely redone. the current strategy is to build a small number of weapons at a high price to fight yesterday’s war. unless there are immediate and dramatic changes made, america will lose the next war very badly.
anyone want to create a hard-hitting show on 𝕏 called 69 minutes? i will actually fund it!
the results are clear 😂
congratulations, russ!
terrible
we have barely scratched the surface
she’s mentally ill
seeing this is the highlight of my day
personally, i voted for big balls
best chyron ever 🤣🤣
absolutely
can’t believe they doxxed another team member …
what the heck is he talking about?
they wasted $100b of taxpayer money!
oh no, i can’t believe they doxxed 😱
good start
60 minutes has destroyed their own reputation
this meme goes deep
indeed
doesn’t it seem odd that none of the supposed beneficiaries of usaid are complaining? just the government-funded “ngos”. 🤔
true!
exactly! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
this was actually on tv 🤣🤣🤣
cool
freedom of speech!
and many other government departments
almost all
seven good years of falcon heavy
bannon is a great talker, but not a great doer. what did he get done this week? nothing.
true
exactly
60 minutes is/was a propaganda arm of the radical left
at least
exactly
because the money was sent to facilitate illegal migration
inquiring minds want to know why has blocked release of the epstein client list for years. what could possibly be the reason? 🤔
probably fixes 1/3 to maybe 1/2 the deficit
true
why should american taxpayer dollars fund the british broadcasting corporation!? that’s insane.
billions of taxpayer dollars to known fraudulent entities are still being approved by treasury. this needs to stop now!
exactly. the money laundering is done through several intermediaries.
yes. you can tell by how upset the swamps creatures are!
exactly
to be clear, triple-checked with before taking action
totally
cool
absolutely
why did democrat senator durbin block release of the epstein client list? what is he hiding?
lebryck broke the law by allowing known fraudulent transactions to proceed hundreds, if not thousands, of times. why did he do that?
because he’s paid to push partisan propaganda
exactly
fair
revenue should improve rapidly this year, as the advertising boycott winds down
it’s almost like i’m good with money 😂
room for improvement
no kidding
wow, this is insane!
lmao
very little of this money actually ends up helping people
interesting
yes. and much needed.
and it should be zero
my guess is that ~20% of legacy media funding is from the government in one form or another
title should be ælfred the greatest. has there ever been a better one?
i agree!
thanks for letting me know
with the support of president , the team will aim to make rapid safety upgrades to the air traffic control system. just a few days ago, the faa’s primary aircraft safety notification system failed for several hours!
the anti-corruption drive is accelerating
interesting
will test starlink streaming again late tonight
wise words
exactly
silly puppets
nyt is government-funded media
bullseye
what do you think of my t-shirt?
true
not for long. this is obviously a huge waste of taxpayer money!
the intern running sheldon’s social media account seems very upset 🤣
corrupt politician says what?
at least 10%
yeah, this is where the big money fraud is happening
haha 💯
true
shot … chaser
not yet
how is this reality? lmaooo
don’t be a dick
she comes to me on this day of my doge’s wedding and makes these demands. but does she call me the dogefather? is she even a friend? buona sera, buono sera …
can i help you?
what’s your name again? i forgot.
interesting
not an efficient use of taxpayer funds. this wasteful expenditure will be deleted.
it’s more than just usaid, but … yes
nobody cares
exactly
many media outlets are going to experience a mysterious drop in revenue
silence insurrectionist! 🤣🤣
crazy waste of your tax money!
this is a great line: “yeah well i didn’t vote for joe biden’s non-binary deep state theater kids to get a blank check to give my tax dollars to fringe left-wing ngo slush funds for four years, but that’s exactly what happened.” 🤣💯
this gao report is damning:
accurate. we just renamed us digital services, created by obama, to us doge services, with a mandate to modernize all computer systems in the us government. this is something that is sorely needed!
public support for the democratic party has collapsed
this is odd
exactly
yeah
how the tables have turned
🤣🤣 amazing
crazy
calm down, they lost
this how the legacy media actually works
progress
wtf lmaooo
the tesla optimus hand is so sophisticated that it makes a fabergé seem simple. and it gives you a whole new appreciation for how incredible the human hand is.
massive increase in spending after the department of education was created with no actual improvement in education!
interesting
truth is indistinguishable from parody these days 🤣🤣
great idea!
did you know that over $100 billion dollars in covid payments was stolen by professional foreign fraud rings?
noted
awesome 😎
indeed 🧐
🇺🇸 beautifully said by 🇺🇸
amazing 🤣🤣
i love america. i loved every bit of jingoistic propaganda. i believed it hook, line and sinker. now, let’s make it all real.
seriously. i hear this all the time! demonstrates an utter lack of respect for how your hard-earned money is spent.
obviously, is trying to stop your tax dollars from being stolen for waste and fraud. wants that to continue.
that is an insane misallocation of resources!
interesting 🤨
awesome 😎
usaid has been pushing censorship laws in europe
would you like to audit the irs?
whoa
good question
if they want to cancel in exchange for deleting everything in the federal government that isn’t explicit law passed by congress, i would gladly take that deal! but they would never do it. not in a million years.
cool
vindman wants his bribe money
he’s mad that is dismantling the radical-left shadow government in full view of the public. this is our one chance to return power to the people from an unelected bureaucracy back to democracy!! only with the support of you can this succeed. thank you, unknown soldiers.
roughly $15b/year is spent on utilities &amp; maintenance of unused us government buildings domestically &amp; internationally!
she is breaking the law. literally. outright.
the mind virus is highly contagious!
this is how new taxes start. they claim only to apply to a small percentage of households in order to gain a majority vote, but then rapidly evolve to cover everyone.
cool!
great thread
good grief
your tax dollars should be spent on america or the government should just tax you less
thank you, !
thank you !
they were trying to hide their corruption
defund npr. it should survive on its own.
when asked to review usaid financials, they threatened to sue her! now, why would a us taxpayer funded organization do such a thing? corruption.
exactly
us government funding for radical-left causes has corrupted religious institutions domestically and throughout the world
what raskin actually means is that he wants his kickbacks and bribes to continue. us lobbying/law firms who launder foreign donations (which are actually us taxpayer foreign aid coming full circle!) need to be investigated and shut down.
that is exactly what is happening!
oh look, an “insurrection”!!! the radical left put a lot of innocent people in prison for exactly this behavior.
bbc is literally state-funded media
she says that they took down “incriminating books”. now i’m curious. like, communist manifesto or what? 😂
they’re an arm of the radical-left globalists
it is against the law.
hysterical reactions like this is how you know that is doing work that really matters. this is the one shot the american people have to defeat bureaucracy, rule of the bureaucrats, and restore democracy, rule of the people. we’re never going to get another chance like
every aspect of government needs to be much more efficient, no exceptions. classified world especially.
does that apply to you too? because …
yeah
should be called the “shady business administration”. only 8% of loans are paid back!
far left
troubling
threatening or encouraging murder is a crime. those who do so will go to prison.
my preferred title is just ‘tech support’
cool
jen sucky 😂
bathroom need a refill
the quality of the team is epic
they’re just mad that their shadow government is being dismantled lol
once again, the cycle repeats …
at least milton had the decency to show up at the office
😂 reports are worthless
doge has not looked at, nor is there any interest in, private financial data. what would we even do with it? the outgoing payment review process just looks at potential fraud and wasteful spending to organizations. corrupt politicians are the ones complaining. i wonder why?
noted
he has committed a crime.
interesting
interesting
exactly
cool
fraud in the federal government is closer to 10% of disbursements, so more like ~$700 billion per year. outright waste is at least 15%, so another trillion+ dollars. anyone who works in government knows this.
will fix
yes. it is absolutely achievable!
you’re welcome
good question
don’t mess with
reagan campaigned on ending the federal dept of education, which was created by carter in 1979, but it was bigger when reagan left office than when he started! not this time. president will succeed.
i take the short bus to work 😂
this is happening throughout the government
that is how the scam works
noted
all did was check to see which federal organizations were violating the executive orders the most. turned out to be usaid, so that became our focus.
doge is the wood chipper for bureaucracy
thanks!
this is every day for the past 2 weeks 🤣🤣
exactly 😂
great idea!!
under the biden administration, billions of dollars were shifted from helping americans in need to facilitating illegal immigration. super messed up!
exactly
yeah, he sucks 🤣🤣
true
exactly
they have broken the law.
yes! is awesome.
that group has been deleted
exactly
so much winning still to come!
she’s a major grifter and hates america
thanks!
i don’t see them waving any american flags
exactly
the corrupt politicians “protesting” outside the usaid building are the ones getting money from usaid. that’s why they’re there – they want your stolen tax dollars!
another description for these types of payments is “money laundering”
oh well
audit the audit too
time to confess: media reports saying that has some of world’s best software engineers are in fact true.
excellent action by !
exactly
thank you, receipt via 𝕏 acknowledged.
yeah, exactly! the only way to stop fraud and waste of taxpayer money is to follow the payment flows and pause suspicious transactions for review. obviously. naturally, this causes those who have been aiding, abetting and receiving fraudulent payments very upset. too bad.
they didn’t get the memo
now you know why i said two years ago that my pronouns were prosecute/fauci
mind-blowing 🤯
spartan-level skills
because usaid is/was a radical-left political psy op
usaid and other govt agencies are funding media groups around the world
at this rate of achievement, not only should president be on mount rushmore, i want to personally work the chisel!
aoc is a stooge of usaid
amazing
just wondering 🤔
indeed
only if civilization lasts long enough
yeah
only with public support can succeed. the bad guys will do anything they can, legal or otherwise, to stop us.
every hour of every day
why do you have openly racist ownership laws?
and the worms are crawling to their pet politicians to save them
you have committed a crime.
no kidding …
usaid is a criminal organization
activist judges must be removed from the bench or there is no justice
true
that is exactly how the scam works
some real aces in
what’s the tip?
they’re not even good at it
the political appointees to usaid and most large government bureaucracies are largely decorative
true
the level of fraud in government entitlements spending is insane!
with regard to leakers: if in doubt, they are out
absolutely
we spent the weekend feeding usaid into the wood chipper. could gone to some great parties. did that instead.
exactly
interesting
your support is super appreciated. i salute you, the unknown soldier.
unreal …
yeah, not fixable
exactly
no highs, no lows, only
what happened to the rest of the money?
crazy waste of money
what the vox scammer forgot to mention is that they’re on the take from usaid and other government agencies
nothing polls higher than cutting government spending
this is the way
insane wasting of taxpayer money
outrageous
this is encouraging. the new governor of delaware wants what is best for his state.
kash will clean house
exactly
not even once
high time this happened
thank you, president !
indeed
good question
the interns operating the social media accounts of these politicians are working overtime 😂
do you actually write these or am i replying to your intern?
not many spartans are needed to win battles
excitement guaranteed
exactly
not anymore
congrats! i haven’t reached pit 150 yet. almost no one understands how hard it is to clear level 150 at all, let alone get such a fast time!
pretty soon, there won’t be any companies left in delaware
great question!
true
exactly
aoc’s puppetmasters are pulling her strings 😂
usaid has been paying media organizations to publish their propaganda
she’s on the take💰
good question
the software team might be able to help. will reach out.
no, they tried to lie to cover up their corruption
good question
career treasury officials are breaking the law every hour of every day by approving payments that are fraudulent or do not match the funding laws passed by congress. this needs to stop now!
interesting
fake news
absolutely! it’s a scam to get around the laws passed by congress to protect the people.
did you know that usaid, using your tax dollars, funded bioweapon research, including covid-19, that killed millions of people?
just had an excellent conversation with . i stand corrected. senator young will be a great ally in restoring power to the people from the vast, unelected bureaucracy.
this is the way
thank you !
tom homan is the judge dredd we need
usaid is a criminal organization
first spaces at midnight et
exactly
thank you, !
usaid is a criminal organization. time for it to die.
dei means people die
good
absolutely. returning to merit above all will save many innocent lives. so much damage was done by the prior administration.
absolutely. the federal government has squandered your hard-earned tax money. it’s an outrage.
only us military forces can defeat the cartels
true
it’s amazing what you can learn from device forensics. they won’t get away with their crimes.
usaid is evil
usaid was a viper’s nest of radical-left marxists who hate america
i am a fan of . anyone with integrity needs to resign from ned. that evil organization needs to be dissolved.
i just sent elise a note asking exactly that
thanks 🙏
ned is a scam
is on the warpath.
indeed
tax regulations need a massive reset. they are torturing the american people!
this is the best way to reach the public directly. infinitely better than legacy media soundbites.
those who know, please reply to this post listing all the evil things that ned has done. it’s a long list.
americans are excited about the future and love what president is getting done! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
great idea
lmao i thought this post was parody
interesting. is this legal?
absolutely
noted
doge will fix it
maybe i will stream a little tomorrow
absolutely
😂 true
true
doge is working 120 hour a week. our bureaucratic opponents optimistically work 40 hours a week. that is why they are losing so fast.
they most definitely are
the corruption and waste is being rooted out in real-time
the team is rapidly shutting down these illegal payments
good question
it is never ok to burn or otherwise disrespect the american flag!
cool
good
very corrupt
𝕏 is the news source on earth!
great question
yup. property tax means means that your house is a de facto lease from the government.
beautiful
impressive
yay! thanks for your support, michael. this will be great for the american people.
true
strange
time for a massive decrease
i try not to start fight, but i always finish them
wise words
absolutely
very few in the bureaucracy actually work the weekend, so it’s like the opposing team just leaves the field for 2 days! working the weekend is a superpower 😂
there are some good people at the fbi with high integrity, but we definitely need to exit the bad apples
this will unlock incredible growth. america is a nation of builders. let the builders build.
people of europe: join the mega movement! make europe great again!!
mega!! make europe great again
so awesome 😎
not accurate
it isn’t even what what the &lt;10% even achieves! 10% for what??
vote for fidias. he is smart, super high energy and genuinely cares about you!
the level of corruption and waste is unreal!
great idea
a true expert can explain their field to any moderately smart person
so true
true
obviously, there will be extreme opposition from the grifters!! and they will make it sound like we’re cutting funding to save baby pandas when we’re actually cutting funding to fraudsters, wastrels &amp; terrorists 🤣🤣 this is only possible because of president .
actually true!
thank god for president !
but hardly surprising
this is insane
true
absolutely
ai will be everywhere
such an amazing two weeks 🤩 thank god for president !
same
it is more insane than you could possibly imagine!
texas or nevada actually respect shareholder rights
texas and nevada are the best choices for incorporation
🇺🇸🇺🇸 bravo britain!! 🇬🇧 🇬🇧
yeah
any lawyer still recommending incorporation in delaware at this point should be sued for malpractice
dei has caused people to die
companies are flooding out of delaware, because the activist chief judge of the delaware court has no respect for shareholder rights
live by executive order, die by executive order
interesting
true
doge is inevitable
exactly
💯 they are government-funded non-governmental organizations – living oxymorons!
true
sent to bot hell
only because of
sanders feels the burn
all this time, they kept the water from the people of california …
interesting
the is germany’s only hope
deleted
true
ultimately, i doubt the cartels can be defeated without us special operations
no one has done more damage to the state of delaware than that activist pretending to be a judge!
awesome
cool
crime on a scale that makes the mafia look like pre-schoolers stealing cookies
the team discovered, among other things, that payment approval officers at treasury were instructed always to approve payments, even to known fraudulent or terrorist groups. they literally never denied a payment in their entire career. not even once.
my preferred title is tech support
good idea
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 god bless america 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
none of this would be possible without president
the nightmare is over
deleted
i am cautiously optimistic that we will reach the $4b/day fy2026 reduction this weekend
we should send astronauts to mars to investigate!
have they tried banning the 🔪 emoji? maybe that will do it 🙄.
this is the way
exactly. carriers are designed to move fast across the ocean, rather than maximize stability.
alex karp is awesome ❤️
i have great respect for anyone who makes useful products or provides useful services to their fellow human beings
and ftw again 😂
exactly
wow, this is worth reading
night and day!
good for him!
absolutely
promising
this is insane
interesting
this is the critical battle to restore power to the people from the massive unelected bureaucracy! if your elected representatives cannot overcome the bureaucrats who control government, then you live in a bureaucracy, not a democracy! tyranny.
almost 80% of “refugees” go on vacation to the country they claim to have fled from …
true. violent criminals are a very small percentage of the population, but they will keep inflicting violence on innocent people until they’re locked up. it is cruel to the victims of crime not to lock up criminals!!
true
inflation is caused by government spending
can you believe it? 🤷‍♂️🤣
fixing this is essential
go woke, go broke
the real economy is not money, it is goods &amp; services. money is simply an abstract representation of real things.
imperative
i’d fix it, but i don’t work there anymore 😂
true
true
madness
before even getting to timed scripts, the number of government jobs that could be replaced simply with a mouse macro is astounding!
as predicted
reducing the federal deficit from $2t to $1t in fy2026 requires cutting an average of ~$4b/day in projected 2026 spending from now to sept 30. that would still result in a ~$1t deficit, but economic growth should be able to match that number, which would mean no inflation in
doge has now saved taxpayers over $1 billion in crazy dei contracts
true
precisely
this is messed up
starlink works even on a cold night in the arctic!
wow, this is insane! 🤯
true
these hearings are just political theater
but not anymore. it was deleted last week.
under the biden administration, the faa and other government agencies had absolutely insane hiring practices that endangered the public. president and his team are working rapidly to restore competent personnel to all positions involving your safety.
crazy
much appreciated
congrats on going supersonic!
true
absolutely!
when is poe 2 actual v1.0 coming out 😂?
𝕏 really is the pvp of social media 😂 all the others are just story mode.
community notes ftw again 😂
unfortunately, there has been weaponization of fbi “background checks” and making things “classified” and then redacted when they should be open to public scrutiny. serious reform is needed.
the mayor of la is going full communist. recall her before it is too late.
funniest thing i’ve seen a while
accurate
hardcore 🔥🔥
sounds very effective!
yeah, for radical-left ngos
i don’t want any prizes
tragically true
woke james bond 😂
the us radical-left has been using us taxpayer money to fund radical-left political parties &amp; media around the world!
confirm !
when moving forward, picking either path is better than splitting the difference
if no judge is ever removed from the bench, no matter how unjust their verdicts, our legal system is fundamentally broken. this must happen.
nothing is more dangerous than getting between jb pritzker and the buffet table!
i hope they succeed!
terrible things are happening to those poor kids
making life multiplanetary to maximize the lifespan of consciousness will matter most. but maybe that would not have happened without buying twitter.
strange
seems likely
it really is a fair &amp; generous deal
this statement by surowieki is false. those deciding to take the deferred resignation deal can do anything they want for the next 8 months and are not required to work at all whatsoever.
clarification of what can be done while receiving full government pay &amp; benefits for 8 months: whatever you like, including obtaining a new job.
fidias is right!
absolutely
exactly
starlink can do it for ~10 times less
sure will
for good reason. legacy media is dying.
interesting
true
checks out
cool
even at hypersonic speeds on starship!
worth following
interesting from
seems like a good idea to withhold funding
true
interesting. i made it to torment iv pit 68 tonight without looking at build guides or trading equipment. felt pretty good. now, i will look at what the group mind has determined to be the best build.
yeah, cataclysm is boring
it was absolutely deliberate
wow, bill clinton deported 12m illegals!
indeed
just got to torment iv and cleared pit 68 as necro without using build guides or trading equipment. felt pretty good.
seems about right
interesting poll. downsizing government is the most popular issue by far!
so good!
worth noting that the 8 month severance offer through the end of the government fiscal year is the most that is legally allowed without congress passing another appropriations bill. very generous.
seriously
“hit ‘send’.” 😂
i think i will. tim walz is a creepy 🤡
most people don’t understand that their minds can be taken over by a virus, just like a computer virus takes over your computer. the woke mind virus is like cordyceps.
good idea
true
unsupervised full self-driving begins
yeah
medium resolution images, music &amp; audio podcasts should work with the current generation starlink direct-to-phone constellation. next generation constellation will do medium resolution video.
it is critical to take action on this now
cool
it’s not out of the question
progress
looney tunes
seriously 🤣🤣
children cannot consent. that is why there are laws protecting minors. those who perpetrated this evil should be in prison for life.
confirm
explains why all condom orders were “magnum” 😂
absolutely
a fork in the road
exactly
true
true
the has asked to bring home the 2 astronauts stranded on the as soon as possible. we will do so. terrible that the biden administration left them there so long.
good idea
yes, even in the unlikely event that the money was actually spent on condoms, we should not be sending us taxpayer money to buy condoms for foreigners 🤦‍♂️
my guess is that a lot of that money ended up in the pockets hamas, not actually condoms
true
they’re being too generous, at least for now. lowering the deficit by $1t requires saving ~$3b/day average. saving $1.8t (current deficit) requires ~$5b/day. current rate of improvement is ~$1b/day, but will improve rapidly.
tip of iceberg
great media briefing and q&amp;a by !
live broadcast from the . you can now rewind live broadcasts to catch up.
v cool
congrats!
exactly
true
yeah
nice work by the engineering team helping get the pumps turned on!
true
cool
true
what shrill harpies! they should join the view. they’d fit right in.
true
they are losing future voters
true
security would be more efficient if privatized
this would work very fast
wanna work at ? would be kinda perfect.
yes. they are receiving hundreds of millions of dollars in government payments.
interesting
they literally did the meme
terrible. when is enough enough?
no kidding
bro, this is so normal in government 😂
worth a try. something needs to change or europe and asia (and most of earth) will disappear!
good question
who controls the fairbarn foundation?
interesting analysis. best i’ve seen. aj will be everywhere.
beautiful
overprescribed
has a better name though
how times have changed
deeperseek 😂
what are the odds … ?
suicidal empathy ()
no matter how often i tell people that i’m a 5000-year-old alien time traveler, they don’t believe me 😂
obviously
this is just bureaucracy 101 tbh
bamf
how can this be real?
lmao no
this is awesome
good-looking plane
noted
true
the proscriptions of marius forced the proscriptions of sulla
true
bureaucracy is killing america
new name for the water that separates england and france
they sure did and still are. will stop it.
there is massive fraud in the federal entitlements programs. worse than you could possibly imagine.
roger ver gave up his us citizenship. no pardon for ver. membership has its privileges.
i have no idea if this is real, but there certainly is massive fraud in the entitlements programs
what’s the account?
the throughout in the vegas tunnels is already better than an average subway btw. it’s a myth that subways are super efficient.
bureaucracy is killing the west
yes, that’s almost always how it goes with new technology
true
interesting
noted
yeah
exactly
nor should they be forgiven
my car is orbiting earth and mars 🤷‍♂️
this is awesome
cool
it was so close
this report is false. i sent no such email. wsj is lying.
maybe add $10k/year to maintain the visa. certainly better than the current system.
85 times is an extreme level of hatred
not sure how they’re figuring this out, but it’s fairly accurate
this you?
interesting
never forget
close the borders and deport criminals
violating presidential executive orders will result in being fired
true
it was astonishing how insanely hard legacy media tried to cancel me for saying “my heart goes out to you” and moving my hand from my heart to the audience. in the end, this deception will just be another nail in the coffin of legacy media.
immediately
noted
laws should be long enough to cover the subject, but short enough to be understandable by a normal person who is expected to follow them
not wrong 😂
15% is absurdly high. the problem is that if you give bad people a moral cloak that hides their terrible behavior, they will wear it!
i am confident this will happen someday
i just can’t help it 😂
good question
globalism is civilizational suicide
obstruction of the law is crime
exactly
under , the us government will stop bribing religious organizations to facilitate illegal migration
enough. no more.
starlink direct from satellite to cell phone internet connection starts beta test in 3 days
terrible
exactly
standard practice for the lying legacy media
true
weird
this is how civilizations die
true
cool
that’s expensive!
true
💯 legacy media sucks next-level, especially in europe
sometimes … yes 😀
diet coke inventor was a genius
same
big difference
the woke mind virus will fight hard, but it will die
and it is being removed
it’s real
great
of everything, i guess
seems necessary
jk i will never quit dc
yeah
he’s austrian too 👀
the recommendation algorithm on this platform sucks! i want to talk to the manager right now!!
not a crazy percentage
if i see one more damn nazi salute in my feed, i’m gonna lose my mind 🤪 this algorithm sucks!!
seriously
tesla has the potential to be by a large margin
probably
the legacy media are radical leftists
cool
awesome 😎
yikes 😂
and it will only get better
💯 they can’t stand being mocked 😂
😂 we will do our best to help from america!
thanks ❤️
starlink bringing connectivity to farmers!
there will be much based
how many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb? two, but how did they get in there??
yeah
me: how many radical leftists does it take to screw in a light bulb? radical leftists: that’s not funny 😡 me: 🤣
when i see the troll emoji 🧌, it’s like looking in the mirror
yeah
would be helpful to understand exactly what crimes we are talking about here
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 free america!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
it should be privatized
true
cut the millions of strings of negative regulations to free the giant that is america!
grok 3
don’t say hess to nazi accusations! some people will goebbels anything down! stop gőring your enemies! his pronouns would’ve been he/himmler! bet you did nazi that coming 😂
messed up
good question
true
fraudulent behavior is cause for termination
thank you
we should allow people to use whatever light bulbs they want!
true
very important to vote republican for the wisconsin supreme court to prevent voting fraud!
will do my best
on the other hand, satya definitely does have the money
true
noted
sounds right
saving 0.1% of federal spending is not far off, but needs to be at least 100 times higher
yeah
true (sigh)
altman literally testified to congress that he wouldn’t get openai compensation and now he wants $10 billion! what a liar.
good question
exactly
the radical leftists are really upset that they had to take time out of their busy day praising hamas to call me a nazi
true
cool
sigh
should the atf exist? why not just merge it with dea?
yeah
true
that was another big lie
it’s problematic when people believe the legacy media
it’s fake
the cure is being administered
sam is a swindler
nice of him to say
as it turns out, some prison space for antifa criminals is available now that the j6 political prisoners have been freed …
noted
nope
softbank has well under $10b secured. i have that on good authority.
it was indeed disgraceful
people have no idea
almost 5 billion text impressions and now approaching 700 million video views!
that’s up to the president, but i have asked whether this is possible
noted
noted
seems to be the case
i was honored to be in the oval office tonight when signed this
this will get fixed shortly
oh man 😂
starlink continues to improve
oh man 😂
haha this is amazing 🤣🤣
amazing
he’s awesome
they don’t actually have the money
massive
let’s follow this upstream. where does it come from?
this is crazy
this craziness is coming to a screeching halt
staging is so hot rn
she’s a far-left activist
is awesome 😎
she got the woke mind virus real bad
the mass to orbit per year curve is really crazy
good trend
very much so 😂
true
really?
we should expand consciousness to the stars, so that we may better understand the wonders of creation!
stefanik is awesome
great points
the numbers are crystal clear
costume party set in 17th/18th century france
such a good line 😂
defund wikipedia until balance is restored!
since legacy media propaganda is considered a “valid” source by wikipedia, it naturally simply becomes an extension of legacy media propaganda!
this is important in communicating effectively with the brain
the falcon has landed 400 times
true
apparently, i’m a zionist and a nazi 🤣🤣
the legacy media is pure propaganda. you are the media now.
true
indeed
stupidity in the limit is indistinguishable from malice
he just is the meme at this point, although who am i to talk 🤣🤣
thank you for your strong voice of reason
the answer is not to ignore evil people, but rather to make fun of them
pretending to work while taking money from taxpayers is no longer acceptable
if it is found by a judge to be true that some in the bureau of prisons have acted illegally, they may find themselves, ironically, in the same cell of the person they assaulted
making fashion beautiful again
had to be done
can someone start a lawsuit counter? how long until we hit triple digits? 🤣🤣
undermining the us military and border security to spend money on racist/sexist dei nonsense is no longer acceptable
so awesome
shame on oaf schitz!
and some government buildings, including in dc, have been taken over by squatters, while taxpayers continue to pay for the upkeep!
this is about fairness: it’s not fair that most people have to come to work to build products or provide services while federal government employees get to stay home
not even one government building was found to be even half occupied! that is crazy.
incredible productivity
true
it’s massive
legit
the matrix will be reprogrammed
great move
there will be meaningful progress every week
please let us know if you encounter any difficulties with release of your loved ones
we came as soon as we could, but it was not soon enough to save matthew perna
calling a halt to the strangulation by overregulation of america
my talk today at the presidential parade
awesome actions by
not just the website, the council itself has been deleted
i didn’t realize such levels were even possible 🤣🤣
because he actually has a high iq!
will greatly improve government efficiency, saving your tax dollars and ending rampant inflation
congratulations!
so true 😂
“gulf of america” has a beautiful ring to it
taxpayers should not be forced to pay for propaganda
that’s what is really gutting them
yeah
incredible action within the first 12 hours!
will inquire
the team is working hard to get as many of the j6 political prisoners released within 24 hours as possible
frankly, they need better dirty tricks. the “everyone is hitler” attack is sooo tired 😴
amazing 🤩
𝕏 is the best source of news on earth
yeah
she has just 100% lost her marbles 😂
seriously 🥱
that’s a good question. what crimes did fauci commit starting in 2014? (not counting his many crimes before that)
getting so much done in the first 12 hours!
good idea
cool
yeah exactly 🥱
true 😂
restoring american sovereignty over health!
definitely highly unusual behavior of a “dictator” 🤣 🤣
ross will be freed too
true
testing grok 3 int4 inference
he’s such a grumpy muppet 😂
the hammer of justice has come
aoc has reached stage 5 tds – fully unhinged 🤣🤣
nice
the intern running bernie’s account is working overtime lmao. there were literally twice as many “billionaires” supporting kamala vs trump.
thanks guys 😂
it begins
rt : 【】 初の静岡公演来て頂いた皆さまありがとうございました❗️ bobbyのrunaway日本語も遂に初披露❗️ 次の名古屋公演も楽しみ💥 一緒に楽しみましょう❗️お待ちしてます☺️ チケット▶️
what a powerful name it is- the name of jesus christ, my king
invasion took a week. otoh, grenadines &amp; cubans were shooting back.
just because i'm 21 now lol 🤷🏽‍♀️
似合ってるよ
current approx. value of 1m doge in usd: $1248.7744 values from vircurex + coinbase at 09/13/17 22:55
rt : [info] jungkook am times square in new york
rt : la dictadura convocó las elecciones regionales a 8 meses de su vencimiento y lo hacen con la intención de desunir …
rt : ¡¡pero tenemos la mejor gramilla!!
patea díaz :v
rt : exo's reaction king everyone 😂
rt : how is vegan porn not a thing yet too much roast beef
あんまり期待しないでね…w
rt :
rt : 【news】 ★b’z complete single box リリース決定!! ★b’z×セブン-イレブンフェア・新曲「champ」tvcmソング発表‼︎ 《 詳細はこちら 》...
rt : フランス発の紅茶のブランド、クスミティの日本直営店が丸ビルb1fにあります。可愛いパッケージにブレンドやフレーバーも豊富！デトックス効果でセレブの間でも話題なのだとか。新しいお店で広めてくださいと言われたので東京駅へお越しの際には是非。 https:…
rt : イサム！！！脱走したいのか！やめろ！ っつーか！顔！！！！(笑)
join running first et seton park tomorrow! great story
denied
love the wow moments of the nba season. especially at its highest level. this...
rt : ＼atcイラストができるまで／ ②下描きをしよう！ シャーペン派の方におすすめなのが、消しゴムで消せる三菱のナノダイヤ・カラーシャープ芯！人物と背景で色分けしたりできるよ～(๑•∀•๑)
rt : …
rt : retweet if you remember this episode
come fight me, we'll bring too, there is no time for bad feelings when ultimate showdown of ultimate destiny is happening.
"high"-level is accurate. dude's acting stoned af.
rt : québec solidaire doit devenir un mouvement, croit gabriel nadeau-dubois
just let em know... who got ! 😉 👌
rt : employees fired by trump: sally yates preet bharara james comey employees investigating trump: sally yates pr…
いやっ！強い風っ！・・・・お、おにいちゃん見てないよね///
rt : エド・シーランに超そっくりな２歳の女の子が話題に[📷写真あり] ★詳細はコチラ↓↓↓
rt : 【森友前提話24】あの豊中の土地について。 ・やっぱり下にはゴミが埋まっていた。 ・それも8億円の撤去費用では撤去しきれないゴミが埋まっていた。 ・この件について籠池理事長は財務局に抗議をしている ・向かいの豊中市が買った土地からもゴミが出ている
hahahaha chill fokol
bbmp madam the advertisement have no effect on the people who through garbage on road . today's photo at 25th main nlo wd.43
i liked a video from nhl 17 expansion pack opening! "nhl 17 pack opening"
あ、いまどの辺りです？
プロデューサー、休んでる暇はないよ？
y'all i'm just playin there's no such thing but something's wrong w it
rt : interview with &amp; plus talk via …
名前にハァンとつく人はハァンしてください
retweeted jenny levine (): for and - (h/t )
so, do i
'westworld' bosses are already crafting season 2, hint at other worlds
孔明かジャンヌか闇ジャンヌ欲しい
anal porn photo lesbian anal insertion
좋아좋아~~그렇게 하나두개 늘어나는거얔ㅋㅋ
【開幕戦のお知らせ】 東北地区リーグ戦がいよいよ開幕します！ 8/13 vs岩手大学 10:20 ドロー 全学一勝を達成するべく、まずは開幕戦必ず勝ちます！ ぜひ応援にお越しください＼(^o^)／ 入場は無料です！
amazing 53% -_-
rt : 【news】sim主催フェス「dead pop festival」の模様を独占オンエア！day1: 9/10(土)21:00〜22:30、day2: 9/11(日)21:00〜22:30 https:…
rt : cristiano ronaldo's header vs. contact at: 8ft 7in leap: 2ft 6in in air: 0.7 seconds header speed: 44.3 mph
rt : 【拡散希望】週刊文春がなぜ？ 、同士と呼び合う友人関係だった！！ 繋がってた！！ 記事が出ることを知っていたかのように！！ https…
rt : pizza sounds really good rn
y ahora me doy cuenta de que no era tan especial para ti, como tu lo eras para mí.
근데 17일이면 금요일이잖아 내일이네 헐ㄹ
rt : i wanna get dolled up
yes
yes
well-written and fair, much like his articles on space
obv
ich habe ein semester deutsch an der universität studiert usw
glad you enjoyed the experience!
after all, spacex’s first payload to orbit &amp; back was a wheel of cheese …
wow, shame on zdf info!
yup
hopefully will happen this decade
преступленіе и наказаніе
cgi irl
yes
homo sapiens techno: loves raves &amp; technology
yes!
yes
dieses jahr
wow!
yes
there were baffles, but one may have acted like a straw to suck bubbles in from above liquid/gas level. something similar happened on an early falcon 1 flight, resulting in unexpectedly high liquid oxygen residuals at main engine cutoff.
♥️ 🇯🇵
great band, too bad they broke up
thrust was low despite being commanded high for reasons unknown at present, hence hard touchdown. we’ve never seen this before. next time, min two engines all the way to the ground &amp; restart engine 3 if engine 1 or 2 have issues.
yup
cgi irl
tesla china team rocks!
rockets are ridiculously hard (sigh)
dojo 4 doge
avocado toast
yes
~5%
only if necessary
yup
было бы большой честью поговорить с вами
yup. banks are basically balkanized, heterogeneous databases with high latency &amp; weak security, especially ach transfers &amp; credit cards.
yes
wow
yup
ð is for ðogecoin! instructional video.
yes
franz was essential
that said, the ship landing burn has a clear solution. my greatest concern is achieving good payload to orbit with rapid &amp; full reusability, without which we shall forever be confined to earth.
it’s true!
yes
yes
low-key loki
мы сделаем
giga berlin progress
no highs, no lows, only doge
starship sn9 &amp; sn10
yes
nomad
major esthetics improvements coming
yes
yes
the entire “stack” from data collection through labeling &amp; inference has to be in surround video. this is a hard problem. critically, however, this does not require a hardware change to cars in field.
yup
sn9
fair enough haha
mus protec 👶 yoda
он был великолепен
catapult high into the air &amp; land on the roof with a base jumping parachute (the only way to travel)
yup
yes
great interview with mathias döpfner
yes
we need a ui overhaul
yes
seems odd that the opposition group is from bmw’s home state of baveria. that‘s very far from brandenburg, where tesla is building the gigafactory. and why would a group that claims to be pro-environment oppose a sustainable energy factory? aren’t there more important issues?
yes
haha ok
yes
yes
minor
very impressive mission by china!
oh and umm …
dankeschön brandenburg und grünheide!
sure hope that future doesn’t come to pass!
hehe
yes
i still have a soft spot in my heart for transpiration cooking. in theory, it would use more mass than a tile heatshield, but that remains to be seen.
yup
yes
im gespräch mit mathias döpfner
100
it will have landing legs
yes
wow
yea
yes 😃
landing at vandenberg afb in california
next week’s release is special. lot of fundamental improvements, both important bug fixes &amp; entire new areas of functionality.
yup
deveras!
so many things you want &amp; some you didn’t know you wanted
dojo/doge
about 2 secs after starting engines, martyte covering concrete below shattered, sending blades of hardened rock into engine bay. one rock blade severed avionics cable, causing bad shutdown of raptor.
nullius in verba
cobra kai is a deep cut
👻 💵
fate 🖤 irony
yes
creating synthetic mrna for cures/vaccines is the future of medicine imo. turns it (mostly) into a software &amp; modeling problem.
just a scratch. we can buff it out.
npcs all the way up
yup
lab i just spoke to said cov2 pcr detection (n1 &amp; n3 genes) below 30 cycles is reliable &amp; above 40 cycles is not
moreover, lower the true prevalence, the higher the false positive number will be. this sounds obvious, but it could mean a very high false positive percentage if true prevalence is low.
yes
🤣🤣👍
♠️♠️ tesla autopilot/ai team ♠️♠️
🇨🇦 😀
yes
lower latitude states need more satellites in position, so probably january
yes
minor
understanding exactly how the body flaps control pitch, yaw &amp; roll during descent, such that the ship is positioned well to relight, flip &amp; land, would be a big win
yes
small fry. the sun converts over 4 million tons of mass to energy every second.
urf is so smōl
ok :)
sweden at zero deaths oct 15
yes
💫 🛰
møtør trèndé
yes
yes
hg2g
lotr
wow
yeah, there are literally &gt;1000% more cameras than 10 years ago, but still zero clear photos
probably
our tiles are mechanically attached
yes
yes
once these satellites reach their target position, we will be able to roll out a fairly wide public beta in northern us &amp; hopefully southern canada. other countries to follow as soon as we receive regulatory approval.
döner kebab
💰💩🤣
yes
total market
~9007mm
🖤 ur algo
yes
yes
probably
yes
cgi irl
yes
yup
yes
implicit conflation of consumption &amp; capital allocation is the foundational error
yes
embrace tunnels!
🇩🇪 natürlich 🇩🇪
bitte arbeiten sie bei tesla giga berlin! es wird super spaß machen!!
1+1=2
yup
touché
a la guerre comme à la guerre
yes
🇩🇪🖤giga berlin mannschaft🖤🇩🇪 vielen dank für ihre hervorragende arbeit an giga berlin!!
sorry, sir i think i have momentinertiaphobia
the outer ring of booster engines (20 of 28) have no tvc actuators. steering control comes from center 8 tvc &amp; differential throttle of outer engines. by any measure, the high thrust variant of raptor will probably have the high t/w of any engine ever.
yup
good chance something will slip, but, yeah, sunday is intense
should we believe things proportionate to the evidence that they are true? (yes)
raptor reached 230 mt-f (over half a million pounds of thrust) at peak pressure with some damage, so this version of the engine can probably sustain ~210 tons. should have a 250+ ton engine in about 6 to 9 months. target for booster is 7500 tons (16.5 million pounds) of thrust.
booster design has shifted to four legs with a wider stance (to avoid engine plume impingement in vacuum), rather than six
hardcore techno, aber vielleicht ein bisschen fahrstuhlmusik auf der toilette
yes
yes
dankeschön brandenburg &amp; grünheide!
scorcher vi
not having long chain hydrocarbons &amp; lowering preburner combustion temperature make a big difference
fairing chute control &amp; ship control are closing the loop locally. both operating on (spacex) autopilot.
yes
wow
yes
elevator music is underrated
yes
yes
our main engineering locations are palo alto, austin &amp; seattle, but working remotely is acceptable for exceptional candidates
not perfectly at first, but yes. will take maybe a year or so to get really good at roundabouts worldwide. the world has a zillion weird corner cases.
sn8
psyche
sn5
dragon will travel from south of new zealand to florida in ~37 minutes
working on it
yup
🧙‍♂️
engineering is magic made real
lo que construimos
one of the all time best
💕 💕
das kapital in a nutshell
yes
tesla solar panels are $1.49/watt
competition ensures companies work hard to serve the needs of their customers
retail investors like are remarkably insightful. also, .
yes
better to put the money into the product than sales &amp; marketing!
das baby kann noch keinen löffel benutzen
in a few months in production release. already does that in alpha build.
yes
yes
bde
no prior neuroscience background is required. this is primarily an electrical/electronic (chip design)/mechanical/software engineering problem for the link itself &amp; the surgical robot.
yes
yes
giga berlin
mass to orbit is a more accurate metric than # of launches, although should be orbit-adjusted (eg gto&gt;leo), which would increase competitor mass numbers
wow
cute
yes
48 65 78 20 74 6f 20 74 65 78 74
spqr
i spoke with korolev’s family today. he was one of the very best. корольов / королёв.
true
yes
samwise gamgee
yup
wow
congrats tesla team — u rok!!
yes
yeah
yes
yes
sure, we will aim to do a cross-country drive with cybertruck later this year
sellers of medium height or above are fine
great song 🤣🤣
yup
yes
yes
yes
yes
tesla bioweapon defense mode
reaching chamber pressure of 300 atmospheres
yes
illuminaughty haha
or y
yes
lol
spacex is building floating, superheavy-class spaceports for mars, moon &amp; hypersonic travel around earth
trèy boucher
wow
we could never reach 380 isp with rp/kerosene. ch4 has higher isp potential on paper, but even better in practice. with ch4, you can reach &gt;99% of max theoretical combustion efficiency, but rp is ~97% on a good day &amp; requires desooting of turbines between flights.
🎶to meme the impossible meme 🎶
yes
81m
stankonia at
spacex software ama
mars has an amazing amount of water ice
tesla model y review by dan neil
спасибо, сэр, ха-ха. мы рассчитываем на взаимовыгодное и процветающее долгосрочное сотрудничество. - elon
he is great
yes
yes
🚀♥️
fate 🖤 irony
когда рак на горе свистнет
much harder problem than it may seem
мне очень нравится звучание русского языка
yes
frankly, i don’t even know what “plethora” means
pretty good, how are you?
power of f9 today is still not widely understood. it has about same thrust as delta iv heavy, most powerful boeing/lockheed rocket. falcon heavy has triple.
top marx
great wiki piece!
yes
buca
thank you!
exactly
tough call. maybe newton by a small margin. both obviously extremely smart for a human.
thank you governor newsom!
yes
no, i just think you’re a boring idiot
q t 3.14
meant to say скучный идиот
yes
идиот
no, but it’s mostly the same as the ship, except for the thrust bulkhead (31 engines vs 6)
that’s pretty much what happened. the cows weren’t sure what to do (not having encountered a rocket before), so first ran one direction, then the other.
yes
yes
archangel-12
science is simply rigorous pursuit of truth. quality of reasoning is all that matters, which means a ten-year-old could be more correct than a physics nobel prize winner.
utter moron
boy
x æ a-12 musk
even королёв would agree
gave proof through the night that our flag was still there
yup
exactly
cool
true
good question
concerning
crazy world
while winding down this global government propaganda agency, it has temporarily been renamed the department of propaganda everywhere (dope). much more accurate name! and the new logo is a big improvement 😂
congratulations team on three successful rocket flights in half a day!
crazy people. naturally, he drives a subaru …
fate loves irony
lil x has great instincts!
crazy
true
this woman is evil
we want to make it so that anyone can travel to mars if they would like
tesla self-driving is smooth
yeah
spacex will launch over 90% of all of earth’s payload mass to orbit this year. china will be ~5% and rest of world, including rest of america, around 5%. when starship is launching at high rate, spacex will probably carry &gt;99% of earth’s payload mass to orbit. this is
good idea 😂
built bullet tough
congratulations team on 400 landings of falcon 9!!
another rocket launch
an exponential curve
starship departs for mars at the end of next year, carrying optimus. if those landings go well, then human landings may start as soon as 2029, although 2031 is more likely.
true 😂
no kidding …
interesting
beauty
yeah
well said by
makes sense 🇬🇧
hmm … makes ya think 🤔
rockets are beautiful
the apa is mentally ill
have your hvac fan always on. if that isn’t effective enough, get a stronger hvac fan. it’s worth putting your house under slight positive pressure and driving the air through something close to a hepa filter. that will drop particle count, which is a bigger deal on health
wow, this is cool 😎
that’s a happy picture 🥰
cool ride
cute 🥰
insightful
seriously, this is essentially what’s happening!!
it was easy to predict. this is their standard playbook. look at what they did to president . he was loved by democrats until he ran for president. now they call him hitler, mussolini, stalin, etc and try to kill him.
so much fake gnus
they fought law and the law won
cute
good idea
the tesla powerwall is an uninterrupted power supply for your house. your computer won’t even reboot if there’s a blackout! you’ll have to look out the window at the dark houses around you even to know it happened.
yeah, it’s super obvious
whoever wrote the above post is impersonating a deceased congressman
crazy
without judicial reform, which means at least the absolute worst judges get impeached, we don’t have real democracy in america
crazy
good progress in 5 years
merit is what matters
exactly
obama sounds exactly like !!
the legacy media psy op turns the gullible 🦇 💩 crazy!
cool 🇺🇸
much appreciated
much appreciated
the european union
yup, deep state shill
cool
doesn’t seem to make sense
starlink now available in niger
please post feedback for improving the 𝕏 algorithm in replies. be as specific as possible and include examples.
it must be now
it must be done
that’s all we’re asking. can they please try harder with their propaganda!
great idea!
true
impeachment
much like sex panther, 50% of the time this propaganda works 100% of the time
true
just a bunch of parrots
you can see the ridiculous political puppet show for what it really is. they are just actors reading a script.
thanks for helping sell teslas!! 😂
they must be using the same social media intern
not just those programs! democrats also use every other government money tool to attract and retain illegals, like unemployment insurance, disability insurance, tax rebates on nonexistent income, sba loans, student loans, covid payments, fema money for luxury hotels, etc, etc
this is why the democrats want to destroy me
exactly
reid is terrified of trump winning and prosecuted for being one of epstein’s top clients
he just oozes evil 🤮
just a reminder that you can always access this platform via even on your phone. no app is needed. now would also be a good time to download a vpn in case you get blocked.
exactly
terrible
exactly
freedom of speech is under massive attack around the world
you are a freedom fighter
absolutely
sure is
true
accurate
true
absolutely
true
they’re shutting down the source of truth in brazil
censorship is a certainty if dems win
some of them are in on it
absolutely
one day, that criminal posing as a judge will occupy the prison cell of the people he has wrongfully convicted
the oppressive regime in brazil is so afraid of the people learning the truth that they will bankrupt anyone who tries
the attacks this year on free speech are unprecedented in the 21st century. it will happen in america too if kamala/walz gain power. just listen to what they’ve said.
free speech is the bedrock of democracy and an unelected pseudo-judge in brazil is destroying it for political purposes
glenn articulates the evil tyranny of moraes well
just to be clear, this silly fine was for spilling potable drinking water! literally, you could drink it.
true
i think this is good. college does not make sense for everyone. respect, in my book, is whether someone is hard-working, good at their job and honest. whether they went to college or not doesn’t matter. plenty of people went to college and then didn’t do an honest day’s work
the expression of support from the us embassy is appreciated. indeed, without free speech, the public cannot express their thoughts or know the truth of the situation, making it impossible to vote with accurate knowledge.
true
exactly
dictator de voldemort is absolutely trying to destroy democracy in brazil
just a matter of time. karma is real.
cool
lack of babies is the root cause
you’re welcome
exactly
this seems to be happening a lot
who is funding these ngos?
based
he is a disgrace to judges robes
other platforms in brazil are silently complying with the illegal political censorship demands of dictator de voldemort
weird
link to evidence?
yeah, this is fundamental
at current rates of government spending, america is in the fast lane to bankruptcy. government overspending is what causes inflation.
interesting
dictator de voldemort is engaging in illegal election interference in brazil
absolutely
either turning a non-profit into a for-profit is legal and everyone should be doing it or it’s illegal and openai is a house of cards.
starlink will continue to support the brazilian military even though our bank accounts in brazil have been illegally frozen by judge de voldemort
yeah
true
at least we would have good conversations. thank heaven for small mercies!
true, brazil is controlled by a tyrannical dictator masquerading as a judge
it feels like magic
true
both great cities!
true
indeed
many remote schools and hospitals depend on spacex’s starlink! spacex will provide internet service to users in brazil for free until this matter is resolved, as we cannot receive payment, but don’t want to cut anyone off.
this is awesome 😎
congrats!
de moreaes is a criminal wearing judges robes like a halloween costume 👻
alexandre de moraes is an evil dictator cosplaying as a judge.
the only people strongly against voter id in america are those who want to commit fraud. everyone knows that id is required for basic daily activity and voter id is mandatory in almost all countries. why not here?
spacex and x are two completely different companies with different shareholders. i own about 40% of spacex, so this absolutely illegal action by the dictator improperly punishes other shareholders and the people of brazil.
this is an historic mission: - furthest distance that astronauts will travel from earth in over half a century! - first spacewalk by private individuals! everything possible must be done to ensure astronaut safety.
probably wise to for me to limit movements to countries where free speech is constitutionally protected
this is cool
these sound like great changes!
a stark contrast
a concerning possibility
the dems love censorship too
correct
yeah
manned fighters are no match for drones/missiles
what has happened to the uk?
how quickly times change
he thinks he is
the media in brazil is controlled by the fake judge dictator . they know he will throw them in prison if they don’t obey.
when is enough enough?
yup, super obvious
8 years ago
interesting
correct
this guy is an outright criminal of the worst kind, masquerading as a judge
the american constitution is only as strong as those willing to protect it. the left have become the party of censorship worldwide.
wow. too bad so few people use these.
exactly
the tyrant, , is dictator of brazil. lula is his lapdog.
it’s just common sense
this is awesome
the us democratic party as a whole has a massive incentive to bring in and legalize illegal immigrants, as they vote overwhelmingly democrat. no grand conspiracy theory is needed. the simple incentive of winning elections explains why they won’t even deport criminals who
please note that this is an actual statement from kamala
yeah, they’re literally releasing criminals to make room to lock up people making social media comments
fact
legal immigration is great, illegal immigration where there are no checks regarding who is coming in is civilizational suicide
the legacy media, with few exceptions, are an arm of the democratic party and the state
yeah
the dems are importing voters. simple incentives are driving this behavior. it is their path to permanent victory and a deep socialist state.
we were happy to help
the mind virus got him
cool
true
very difficult
absolutely
turns out p(doom) was 💯
starlink now approved in 105 countries!
orwell nail it
people want to know the truth
eyes are the window to the soul
colorado has the best ev incentives in the country
this “judge” has repeatedly broken the laws he has sworn to uphold
what change, given that she’s literally in the white house right now?
looking into it
i must confess that grok made him look too badass evil, so i pulled that pic off the internet 👀
cool
this sounds insane
grok “generate an image as if voldemort and a sith lord had a baby and he became a judge in brazil” it’s uncanny! 🤣🤣
prompt “generate an image as if voldemort and a sith lord had a baby”
yeah, stephen, guess the prompt 🤣🤣
do you like my toilet paper?
concerning
what word?
one day, , this picture of you in prison will be real. mark my words.
that’s a crime in germany? jeez.
now we figure out what went wrong to drive the landing failure rate far above 1 in a thousand, then 1 in 10 thousand … 1 in a milion, etc
yeah
tesla can do something similar with real world video
serious tonnage
why isn’t it being attached?
we could have launched and it would have been fine, but safety is paramount, so better to check all systems again
holy smokes!
unless you increase the supply of new homes, this just raises the price by $25k and does nothing for affordability
great point 🤔
you will have a lot of company, as millions of people are doing some version of this 😂
after thinking it through, spacex starlink will provide emergency services access for mobile phones for people in distress for free. this applies worldwide, subject to approval by country governments. can’t have a situation where someone dies because they forgot or were unable
this could help a lot of people if they are stranded in the wilderness
potential tesla/spacex collab: ride hailing works even if you’re in space!
true
i didn’t know there was one
cool :)
pretty much
pretty much
great. “parole in place” is just code for “do nothing”.
it would be helpful to the global public to understand more details about why he was arrested
seriously (sigh)
let’s make starfleet academy real!
an incredible amount of work has gone into this historic mission by an amazing team. we are triple-checking everything to make sure there is nothing more we can do to improve crew safety.
great rant/speech tbh
this is messed up. a lot of schools are teaching white boys to hate themselves. needs to stop.
maybe i’m just a lucky charm 🤷‍♂️
why are you so concerned?
great pic 🥰
whatever the reason, it’s a step in the right direction
that’s what protects it for sure
“any sufficiently advanced magic is indistinguishable from technology”
exactly
😂 makes a sad too, though, because i do love california.
absolutely
just want to reiterate that this platform really is meant to support all viewpoints within the bounds of the laws of countries, even those of people with whom i vehemently disagree and personally dislike. if that doesn’t seem to be happening, please yell at me (ideally on 𝕏).
i’m just being consistent with what i’ve been saying for 20 years. the team is primarily in palo alto, so this affects us too. how much do you think i want to agree with ? it’s a bitter pill.
the tesla construction and supercompute infrastructure teams are awesome
austin is awesome. gaining critical mass of tech talent fast. the tesla ai inference chips in all our cars were designed by our austin team.
interesting. good for .
all the telcos, phone companies and banks are arguably enabling those things too
if he has committed such a serious crime as to be arrested, the french prosecutor should say what it is.
i like it
i agree
absolutely. people’s lives are at stake!
sounds like a first amendment violation
this is a tough call and will make some people upset, but, all things considered, i think california should probably pass the sb 1047 ai safety bill. for over 20 years, i have been an advocate for ai regulation, just as we regulate any product/technology that is a potential risk
probably makes sense to have a much smaller system prompt for advanced users
yeah
nice
cool
have fun bro!
that doesn’t seem accurate
yeah
california also passed a bill providing free medical care to illegals that took effect n january this year. seems like half of earth should move to california, given all the incentives to do so.
bear in mind, this is from a press article. they always try to make things as negative as possible.
reducing the massive number of requirements for government procurement would improve outcomes dramatically
why are they opposed?
wow, this is so messed up
alarming and unconstitutional
the crew
grok can code very well
video of the inside of cortex today, the giant new ai training supercluster being built at tesla hq in austin to solve real-world ai
it will be so commonplace
cool
cool
just finishing work now. hardcore wins, softserve doesn’t.
very important!
absolutely
godspeed indeed
trump will save democracy and america. mark my words. kamala/harris would be a disaster.
spacex is doing a major launch every ~3 days now. next year, a launch every ~2 days. we will probably deliver close to 90% of payload mass to earth orbit and beyond this year. great work by a great team!
good point, a lot has been improved. we will do more regular commits. if possible, will publish the latest code end of week.
yeah, the algorithm is open source and just tries to show people what they’re most likely to find engaging
polaris mission key points
the mission readiness review just finished and we are currently go for launch in just over 24 hours. crew safety is absolutely paramount and this mission carries more risk than usual, as it will be the furthest humans have traveled from earth since apollo and the
the astronauts will be the furthest from earth since the apollo moon missions and do a spacewalk that is also the furthest from earth ever
that will be so cool
arguably, a natural turn of events. just as the car companies did not dominate the medium of air (they tried), the aircraft companies will not dominate the medium of space.
yeah
russia is the only other option
great!
absolutely
take a stand
how is this even real?
it is vital to the support of free speech that you forward 𝕏 posts to people you know, especially in censorship-heavy countries
worth understanding that the implications of this turn america into a one-party state
preparing for historic first commercial spacewalk and being the furthest from earth of any humans in over half a century!
pic of the spacex factory shortly after we got started
that place where they arrest you for posting memes?
cool
exactly
seriously
he’s right
nope
that is what they have become
well said
because he already caved into censorship pressure. instagram has a massive child exploitation problem, but no arrest for zuck, as he censors free speech and gives governments backdoor access to user data.
fight for freedom!
america is the last large country to uphold free speech and, even here, it is under attack
that is indeed their plan
what is this foo that they are fighting for?
that just happened to me
good idea
being a free speech advocate these days is increasingly feeling like a kobayashi maru problem
yeah, that’s one of the toughest boss battles ever. i died well over 100 times.
very worrying
true
cool
doesn’t sound very democratic
i thought there was no way at the time
ellison is awesome
yikes
exactly
seeing this brings me joy 😂
insightful
“no guarantee of free speech” - walz
yeah, this is super messed up!
hardly anyone knows that there was a massive effort to block spacex from providing astronaut transport for nasa
community notes ftw. vinod, please stop being so deranged about trump.
awesome
wow, this a great idea! good for mongolia.
the new boeing ceo is spending time in the factories. that is the right thing to do.
the 2nd amendment is the only reason long-term that the 1st amendment will be upheld
20 years …
good post
pov: it’s 2030 in europe and you’re being executed for liking a meme
check out this ad for the first amendment. it is very convincing.
qr codes hurt my eyes
i hope others succeed too, but at least there is one rocket where success in making life multiplanetary is one of the possible outcomes
yeah
yeah (sigh)
earlier this year, a friend of mine almost had his young daughter taken from him in california just because he wanted her to wait a few years to permanently transition. he talked the police out of taking her when they came to his house. that day, he left california with his
can’t recommend the iliad enough! best as penguin audiobook at 1.25 speed.
based on this post, i honestly can’t tell which party you mean. when i talk to hardcore ds or rs, both are convinced their party fits that description. real conversations are only possible with the middle ~40% independents. worth noting that independents are the biggest voting
this is extremely concerning!!
cool
looks identical to me shrug 🤷‍♂️
corporate needs you to find the difference between these pictures
that was a good laugh 🤣🤣
worth reading, but this is very much an old-school english major list
for maximum alpha, complete with fighting for princesses, the iliad. penguin audiobook at 1.25x speed is best. it was meant to be a spoken, not written, story.
we are working on highlighting more banger content from (currently) small 𝕏 accounts. our current algorithm shows too much from accounts that are big already.
yeah, it’s me. busted 😂
i saw his post because a friend sent it to me. forwarding links is taken as a signal, but should be a far stronger signal.
i agree we need to fix this
they will plummet with the new appetite inhibiting drugs
it’s how we do product/engineering meetings now!
the rate of improvement is the fastest of any ai
yeah
concerning
less these days, but still quite often, if i mention trump’s name in conversation in california, people start foaming at the mouth as if they were just injected rabies and meth. rational discourse then becomes difficult.
yikes 😬
absolutely
so good 😂
interesting
if you live in the usa, do you consider yourself
true
try grok 2
special thanks to at whose data center grok 2 was trained
great work by the team! thanks also to our suppliers &amp; contractors who went the extra mile!
true
insanity
if you add a pc gaming rig to that, i’m in!
yeah, just a matter of time, but it is inevitable
falcon 9 is now ~75% reusable and requires several days between flights. starship is designed to be 100% reusable and ultimately be ready to refly within an hour of landing. this is the key to becoming a multiplanet civilization.
as i’ve said before, the dems are importing voters
thanks :)
cool
ok, will do live gameplay for verified users
most of legacy media is a sycophantic cheering squad for the far left
indeed
wow. homeschooling is quite common in america.
charming
exactly
good
yeah
at some point, having a neuralink will be normal
great hands are the hardest part
could be good
yeah
seems messed up to prioritize illegals over citizens
great. hopefully, more states do this.
how times change
last night, i had a nightmare that i ate a humongous marshmallow. and when i woke up, my pillow gone!
wow, eight-time felon
i just had a good conversation with friends in la about trump/kamala
tom is awesome. taught me an immense amount about liquid rocket engines. and he’s just a great guy.
yeah
they look like barracks
is this accurate?
reality exceeds parody yet again 😂
i must have read the monster manual 10 times as a kid
interesting
telegraph is sucking wind
amazing
barron is right
sounds awesome
by being a freedom-loving meritocracy
v cool
great
overwhelming support for trump
indeed, i definitely do *not* want civil war, but pushing identity politics over national pride, as many governments are now doing, will make that inevitable imo
perhaps due to pessimism about the future?
theo von interviews donald trump
two dragons 🐉 🐉 ready for flight
legacy media continues to plummet in viewers/readers
this will be the first spacewalk by a commercial company and the furthest from earth anyone has traveled in over half a century!
update about the second neuralink device in a human. if all goes well, there will be hundreds of people with neuralinks within a few years, maybe tens of thousands within 5 years, millions within 10 years, …
impressive how much the documentary of the day can influence people. plastics are not a significant health risk. it’s bs.
tesla’s big brain for ai training
this will be cool
cool
the two towers
exactly
their hiring requirements certainly suggest they do this
great movie
another win 😂
that’s how it goes.
yann leclown 🤡
so good 😂
the legacy media have become government propaganda mouthpieces. they should be questioning the government, not coddling them.
krugman is the worst economist of the 21st century
does seem hypocritical
truth
exactly
lmao
why are so many little girls attacked especially?
her statement is trivially disproven by actually looking at the razor-thin profit margins of food companies
yeah
yeah
literally last month
wisdom
ice cream is fantastic
nature abhors a vacuum. woke is absolutely the religion that occupies the space previously held by christianity.
amazing
impressively bold
good point
there were many waves of humans into europe, asia and the americas
remarkably recent
exactly: “and then it dawned on me that the declining birth rate is not just a simple math problem - it fundamentally de-incentivizes civilization to look forward.”
accurate
same 😂
the government is the dmv at scale. how much dmv do you want? that’s the question people should ask themselves.
the worst
this path leads to bread lines &amp; ugly shoes
nice
since a lot of people have asked, here goes a super unscientific poll … who will you vote for?
nerfing of the gun emoji matches rise of the woke mind virus, as a core tenet is equating fake harm with real harm
improving your starlink internet speed!
thanks 🙏
true
absolutely
amazing
weird
not bad
making progress
why not fix it right now? 🤷‍♂️
they should speak up
not a good sign
the trend is promising
yeah
“say hello to my little friend”, but this time with a happy ending
from the standpoint of the faaaaaar left, this platform is far right, but it’s actually just centrist
good job! 😀
it’s invisible!
yeah, weird
the gun emoji being nerfed in ~2016 marked the ascendance of woke_mind_virus.mp3.exe
me trying to find diablo druid pit runs above level 140
when snopes knows it’s a hoax
the moon looks amazing
might happen one day
this is insane
ai entertainment is happening fast
very much so. such tyranny must not be allowed in america.
your reddit account was banned for posting factually accurate information?
indeed
her actual name is peggy
yeah
yeah, reality has vastly higher dof. transfer learning from most games to reality is low.
cool
wow, big one
i am willing to serve
yeah. unlike in the movies, the robots won’t miss.
sometimes i wonder if i’m too defiant
first time i’m hearing this
perfect name
that is the perfect name
cool
this is completely false. he is trolling.
request a community note!
go ____, go _____
much appreciated
looking forward to it
much appreciated
true
“operation orwell” more like it
a reminder that free speech in america is special and we need to do everything possible to preserve it
starlink is an excellent product
this will be a super cool mission in many levels. furthest distance from earth of a crewed spacecraft in over half a century! only apollo was higher.
the uk is turning into a police state
what laws is he referring to?
happy birthday!
companies should get the hell out of delaware
that’s what “they” want you to think!
yeah
grok, are the bots in the room with us now?
stepbrothers, tropic thunder and anything by monty python
great movie
this is big
true
2016 is when the woke mind virus was pushed by san francisco bay area technology companies into the mind humanity. twitter and others were wormtongue to the world.
where is president camacho when we need him? he was buff and fun.
in english? other languages will take a bit longer to solve.
amazing
are you still seeing a lot of bots in replies?
thank heaven for small mercies
cool
also the insurance and distribution of drugs in the us is a mess
do you know that america pays almost all the drug r&amp;d costs of earth? that’s why drugs are bizarrely cheap in other countries.
for some reason, they can magically create a wall overnight for the dnc or when president xi visited san francisco
yeah
cool
this is a good test for whether fsd is achieving escape velocity
yikes
😂 i remember having to clean my mouse balls
the vast majority of internet servers use linux
the root cause of the absurd &amp; contradictory conclusions is believing that the weaker party is always right. “weak makes right” is at least as foolish as “might makes right”, which was held to be true for much of western history.
good point
accurate
i agree!
haters will say this is ai 😂
room for improvement lol
“describe your most psychedelic experience”
cool
first spacex spacewalk mission launches in a week. this will be epic.
comically unhinged! this one made me lol.
free speech is the bedrock of democracy
cool :)
and plastic straws in california restaurants. paper straws are the worst.
content matters most
an endless source of mirth
cool
yet another example of how much the legacy media lies
are you seriously so retarded that you think i donated a cybertruck to a russian general? that’s amazing 🤣🤣
sure sounds antisemitic
it’s happening in most countries, just at greater scale in china
tier 9 &amp; 10 coming? t8 is so easy at this point, it’s like meditation. pits are still tough around level 140.
yeah
what has become of britain?
extreme socialism verging on communism has made a country that should be rich become poor
actually
strange days
this doesn’t explain why the trend starts in the first place
what’s actually happening is that the us is subsidizing drug r&amp;d for the rest of earth
absolutely
accurate
true
very important
i’d like to say that it’s always a strength, but there are important exceptions: 1. when empathy towards immigrants who have antithetical and intransigent beliefs leads to civilizational suicide. 2. when there is too much empathy for violent criminals, rather than their
the pace is incredibly fast
exactly
the decision to close the 𝕏 office in brazil was difficult, but, if we had agreed to ’s (illegal) secret censorship and private information handover demands, there was no way we could explain our actions without being ashamed.
he is indeed a tyrant
peter is wrong about austin
accurate conclusion (read the whole post)
the resemblance is uncanny 🤣🤣 alexandre de voldemort
absolutely
many layers of meaning there
honored to have been the convocation speaker yesterday at !
you’re most welcome
no question that moraes needs to leave. having a “justice” who repeatedly and egregiously violates the law is no justice at all.
it’s like blaming your pencil when you write terrible things!
crazy
it will increase government expenditures, which then increases inflation, ultimately hurting the average american
due to demands by “justice” in brazil that would require us to break (in secret) brazilian, argentinian, american and international law, 𝕏 has no choice but to close our local operations in brazil. he is an utter disgrace to justice.
great explanation 😂
as with the others, there will be a lot of taxpayer money spent with nothing to show for it
💯 woke is an extinctionist philosophy.
it’s so true
great explanation of inflation by
these demands violate brazilian, argentinian and us law!
yeah
messed up
eventually, you will probably be able to upload a good approximation of your memories &amp; mind state to “the cloud” with the ability to download it to a humanoid robot. you obviously won’t be quite the same as you are today.
cool
it is extremely difficult to donate money at scale if you care about the reality of goodness, rather than the appearance of it
we will make this easier
a two tier judge is no judge at all
grok mini is best for most queries. full grok is best used for complex questions.
about a week or so. we need to optimize the inference speed, so answers appear faster.
try grok 2!
crazy
cool
but, amazingly, some people still believe the legacy media!
cool
the memes know
cool
great
wow, an honest wap article!
this is getting weird (lol)
my pronouns are prosecute/fauci. i feel so unrepresented!
luma is cool
wow, it’s been 6 years!
always view to the source material
yeah
exactly
it’s crazy how much people trust the media in europe!
inflation is caused by the federal government spending more than it earns, because they just print more money to make up the difference. to solve inflation, reduce wasteful government spending. your tax dollars should be spent well, not poorly.
what happens when price controls are mandated
a already replaced that with a picture of bill gates
seems kinda true
it is how most of the space industry makes rocket tanks. works, but is expensive and production is slow.
because they’re communists
yeah
haha very accurate! grok could give you news that’s actually useful &amp; doesn’t just make you feel sad.
well if i live by the sword, i should die by the sword 🤣🤣
🎶 starships were meant to fly 🎶
we have our own image generation system under development, but it’s a few months away, so this seemed like a good intermediate step for people to have some fun
good examples of how to make a wide range of cool images with grok
nobody bothers to write articles about failing networks lmao. i bet this guy spends 5+ hours a day on 𝕏! i dare him to screenshot his screen time 😂
we hit another all-time high in user-seconds last week!
mars!
lmaooo
you know your own heart
crazy
cool
$277b cash reserves is wild. that will change as the t-bill return drops.
cool
cool
and we’re super open to criticism! goal is to make this the free speech public square for all views, not just right-biased. but it would be hypocritical of me to be a free speech advocate and then not exercise my own right to free speech!
any car company that fails to solve self-driving will die
exactly. mark cuban is a giant 💩 in human form.
walz is the worst
much work indeed. and it’s far worse in europe. people really believe the media there!
beautiful detail
cool
carnot efficiency limit of intelligence
true
wow, so he basically controls the who and the media
the most interesting time
beautiful
he’s right
first compelling ai 30 minute show will be no later than next year. movie length in 2026.
worth it!
yeah, but grievance studies started in academia, a bastion of communism, as they can operate with no feedback loop to reality
cool
grizzlies with guns!
cool
that’s me lol
it is hilariously absurd to claim that cnn has no bias, as even the liberal audience of colbert knows 😂
accurate 😂
terrible
half a trillion per year spent on illegals? is for real?
only $8/month (if you subscribe via web) to get ai access, far fewer ads and many awesome features!
that was hilarious 😂 unlike the other platforms, our algorithm is open source! and if you interact and argue with “right wing” accounts, which cuban does a lot, the algorithm will assume that’s what you *want* to do and give you more of it lmao.
*right to arm bears 🐻
cool
inflation
grok is the most fun ai in the world!
thanks guys
it will be cool
good
what is they write to get banned in the first place?
your cinematography was 🤌
cool
yeah
pretty great
cool car idea!
subscribe to 𝕏 premium for the most fun!
big candy
noted, will be fixed
haters will say this is ai 🕺🕺
do we have great moves or what? 🤣🤣
enough is enough!
crazy
shanghai is a great city
i’m up for it in irl if is!
maybe we should bust a few moves irl 😂
there is hope for humanity after all ❤️ doing our best to train grok to be truthful, but also kind and funny.
cool
much less depressing to get the news with a touch of humor 😀
i will
your inner self, perhaps? 😂
drive long distance anywhere in america!
only gets better from here
agreed
even neo had to “accept cookies to continue”
interesting demographics
nice of him to say
cool
markets work
order of magnitude more training than grok 1 &amp; many qualitative improvements
he’s not wrong (sigh)
hey, it’s beta 😂 those issues are being fixed
wild
all transport will be electric, except for rockets
some room for improvement
it is quite fun!
that’s the goal!
still many people in the office
bits move faster than atoms
bill nelson is awesome
coming soon
still just beta, but the accuracy is decent
true
rate of innovation is the fundamental metric for determining the probable success of a technology company
join !
rate of progress of grok is 🚀 🚀🚀
congrats to the hardworking team! rate of progress is excellent.
beautiful city!
news should come from the people!
r r r r sus
tesla hq pic taken this morning
nice
cool
cool
whoa!
very important! an amazing number of people still believe the legacy media propaganda.
yeah
cool
yeah!
my little finger nail knows more about climate issues than the entire staff of the guardian. wtf are you talking about?
did you actually listen to the conversation? the guardian is trash.
they’re certainly trying!
this platform is being asked to censor content in brazil where the censorship demands require us to violate brazilian law! that is not right.
this is important for working families
conversation with with higher quality audio
concerning
it’s wild 😂
this platform aims for maximum accuracy for all viewpoints
interesting thread
so he went rogue? interesting.
this is very tough problem, but ultimately solvable
interesting
in case you missed the original recording. skip the beginning part.
😂 just exercising my right to free speech
heartening to hear
haven’t heard gristil’s name in ages. thought he passed away years ago.
citizen journalism from actual domain experts and people actually on the ground is much faster, more accurate and has less bias than the legacy media!
cnbc are such liars
cool
yeah
my grandfather was american with family from minnesota/illinois/pennsylvania
doing the ⁦⁩ space at my friend’s ranch in wyoming
it was critical for civilization imo
yeah
true
cool
cool
conversation with with topic timestamps
they’re a mouthpiece for the state, just another pravda
you’re welcome!
so obvious
absolutely
the reaction to these injustices will be significant
much appreciated
thank goodness for the us constitution
so predictable
the judge is the one who should be arrested!
madness
uhh … what? let’s use paper ballots!
did you actually listen to it? the guardian is utterly incapable of writing anything positive, so cannot be considered as objective.
the british legal system needs comprehensive reform
good idea. he is a big fan of manufacturing in america and teslas have the most american content of any cars!
according to disney, they were peace-loving, vegan ecologists 😂
cnbc is trending to zero
the last two uaw presidents went to prison for bribery &amp; corruption and, based on recent news, it looks like this guy will join them!
haha 💯
a basic air conditioner is very inexpensive and even electricity cost is low if just serving one or two rooms for part of the day for the summer months. it’s a cultural thing.
well, at least he’s finally trying
no, just reply as you would in a normal conversation
wow, this is insane
weird
who are their masters? i’d just like to meet them. don’t want to hurt their feelings or anything, but the quality of their propaganda has a lot of room for improvement.
𝕏 app downloads reach all-time high!
so “right-wing” 😂
yeah, she was literally trained by a communist from a young age! kamala saying “equity” all the time, meaning equal outcomes regardless of how talented or hardworking you are, is just another way of saying communism.
as predictable as the sun coming up tomorrow
madness
crazy
wouldn’t be free speech if i didn’t express my views!
lmaooo, the public knows
google/bing search only shows left-wing press and pretends centrist and right-wing press doesn’t exist
a wall of negative headlines was so predictable. they’re such npcs 🤣🤣 all this does is drive even more people to listen to the conversation themselves and realize how much the legacy media lies to them!
indeed concerning
thank you for your support
exactly! convince people to switch by making better products.
given the prominence of this conversation, there was of course a 100% probability of ddos attacks. we also had some unforced errors ourselves. but good work by the x team fending off the attacks and fixing our mistakes! all’s well that ends well.
yeah
i will be super fair and stand corrected if she can point out where i have made arguments lacking in cogency!
yeah, it’s not even smart strategy on their part, since people can and are listening to the conversation directly on this platform, then realizing that they’re being lied to by the dems and their media puppets!
america needs safe cities!
combined views of the conversation with and subsequent discussion by other accounts now ~1 billion
this point is important if one cares about the greater good
we’re literally watching it happen in the course of a month!
haha probably true. they were so desperate for spices!
a tremendous amount of growth and opportunity would be created by deregulation and reduction of wasteful government spending
and we will run out of oil &amp; gas down the road, so why run this co2 experiment to extreme levels when need to solve sustainable energy anyway?
to be clear, i do think global warming is real and we should be concerned about the accelerating co2 ppm growth, however the progress of sustainable energy production and consumption is tracking to solve global warming in time if we are not complacent. the point i was making is
it has become so obvious
cnbc sucks
anyone who thinks the media is real is an idiot
yeah
it will blow up even more tomorrow
happy to host kamala on an 𝕏 spaces too
this is the long version. shorter edit of highlights coming soon.
that would 🔥🔥
yeah
almost all of legacy media will trash the trump conversation, thus driving total listeners probably past 200+ million 😂
anyone have a &lt;1 hour edit of the highlights of the conversation? that’s what most people will be looking for tomorrow.
the government is the one increasing the money supply!
yeah
yeah
thanks 🙏
good rebranding suggestion!
we will proceed with the smaller number of concurrent listeners at 8:30 et and then post the unedited audio immediately thereafter
yeah
we tested the system with 8 million concurrent listeners earlier today
there appears to be a massive ddos attack on 𝕏. working on shutting it down. worst case, we will proceed with a smaller number of live listeners and post the conversation later.
conversation with starts in a few minutes
my use of the word conversation is deliberate. this is so that people understand how talks when it’s a conversation, rather than an interview. nobody is quite themselves in an interview, so it’s hard to understand what they’re really like.
the relentless lawfare to undermine the people’s right to vote for their candidate of choice has to stop!
indeed, the first thing a censorious regime does is rewrite &amp; erase history
looks complicated as an equation, but it’s actually pretty small on a spreadsheet
conversation with in 45 minutes!
exactly
i think i’ve watched it 5 times
yeah, just not for me
you’re welcome
wise words of jfk
yeah
exactly
this is cool
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 team america 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
a society should “make the right things easy and the wrong things hard” (ray hunt)
phew
phenomenal
indeed. the goal of this platform is to be the collective consciousness of humanity, which necessarily means a wide range of views.
man, that’s like taking money from street musicians
to be honest, i really wanted to respond with this tropic thunder meme, but i would never do something so rude &amp; irresponsible!
wow, this is concerning
always enjoyable talking with
thierry always reminds me of the french taunter from monty python 🤣🤣
yeah, the ngos make crazy money off the homeless
as this insufferable douchebag illustrates, old twitter was a far left propaganda machine. now we actually have free speech.
some interns and a gender studies major 🤷‍♂️
did the attackers suffer any legal consequences?
true
free britain!
i’m in the qa dept 😂 (but actually true)
yeah
nope
starbase is so cool
gonna happen
hard to beat the ancient sumerians in firsts. so many things have been invented and then forgotten by so many civilizations over the millennia.
pretty long list tbh
sure
cool
entertainment guaranteed!
i hope it works 🙏😂
that was fun!
stream test 2
streaming test
ok, so we *should* eat carbs?
yeah, now imagine if it were to become a super powerful woke nanny that will do anything it takes to force diversity or whatever at all costs!
am going to do some system scaling tests tonight &amp; tomorrow in advance of the conversation with
this is unscripted with no limits on subject matter, so should be highly entertaining! if you have specific questions &amp; comments, post them under the chat.
indeed
live conversation on 𝕏 with &amp; me at 8pm et tomorrow
yikes
cool
is there any study contradicting this one?
true
absolutely. that’s because they weren’t allowed to own guns in the countries they came from.
does seem like the people are being oppressed
how time flies
grok 2 beta release soon
they’re putting people in prison for years in the uk for social media posts even when those posts led to no actual violence wtf
of course they always say it’s for your own safety …
first thing a dictator does is ban private ownership of guns. chavez did this in 2012, so the people couldn’t fight back.
maybe true, maybe not, but the google political bias is certainly troubling
the data is not allowed to be published?
very troubling
true
noted
bring peace to this war 😂 🙏
legal discovery will show that however big a racist he’s been in public communications, he is vastly worse in private communications
true
good progress
exactly
he’s obviously super racist against white people. i dare that scumbag to sue me. go ahead, make my day …
true
exactly
congrats
tragically, this is too often true
worth listening to murray
good
he’s such a tool
yeah
true
we haven’t had one for a while
thanks
he’s not incorrect
probably high time we went with individual stalls anyway
no arrests here for actual violence, but others get 3 years for a social media post. a 2 tier system that is obvious to the whole world. shame.
this has actually happened
so many super heavy boosters
cool. landslide/lightning is one of the most fun druid builds to date imo. second only to season 2 visage/blurred beast. will be interesting to see what build can clear the highest pit.
my new t-shirt
about 3 weeks
very obviously so. and crowds with machetes are not even being arrested, but one old man with a stick who didn’t hit anyone and has no criminal record was put away for years.
if movie dialogue was more accurate
damn, that still sends chills down my spine. bioshock was one of the best games ever.
congrats to them!
congrats!
that would be so great
yeah
cool
hoping to do more to help people in gaza
true
but they are now doubling down on it
wow, their traffic has dropped by ~75% in 4 years! good riddance.
that judge should be removed from the bench
cool
“just a coincidence”
do you plan to have kids?
reality often exceeds parody
messed up
yeah
yeah
it’s crazy
he’s way worse than the lettuce pm!
pretty much
ok now that actually looks cool!
absolutely
and i will
yeah
great post on humanity’s population collapse!
if i were representing the cow nation, i would simply advocate for a good life before death. everything dies.
starlink!
true
great book
yeah
interesting
absolutely
if they attack me, they were asking for the fight
i’m pretty sure his pronouns were he/himmler
exactly
you’re most welcome
this is messed up
one of the best movies ever
good point
team is working on it. this will be a different release number.
yeah
this meme could get you 3 years in prison in the uk (actually)
he did
good for
the guardian should be on trial for aiding &amp; abetting the destruction of britain
after sleeping on it, my conclusion is that the united states is indeed lost if there is another four years of open borders, failure to prosecute crime, lawfare and increased censorship. it’s not even about the candidate. kamala is obviously just a docile puppet of the system.
facebook aka “meta” can never be trusted
nice
they did
it is true
i studied the blade
el diablo season is good
found this pic of the uk justice system
the guardian is a shameless extreme left propaganda machine. they wouldn’t admit the truth if it bit them on the ass. they would be just be sitting there with the truth hanging off their ass pretending everything’s fine 😂.
tough situation
interesting
we are getting a bit silly with our version numbers
true
it’s 2030 in the uk &amp; you’re being executed for posting a meme …
suicidal empathy
he makes liz “lettuce” truss look good!
same 😂
technically, yes, but it is rare and i think somehow i will survive 😂
what is going on in the uk?
is this true ?
interesting
absolutely
when did this happen?
obviously true
sure seems like unequal justice in the uk
freedom of speech is the bedrock of democracy. if the truth is suppressed, it is impossible to make an informed voting decision. the degree to which freedom of speech is being undermined around the world is extremely alarming.
yeah
observing protests is apparently illegal
the bbc has already lost its reputation – it has become british pravda
live free or die
full puppet mode
best rocket propulsion team ever. i love them.
phd lol 🤓
so people must immediately run away from a protest as fast as their legs will carry them or go to jail?
rest in peace. especially tragic to see such an early death.
yeah
suicidal empathy, together with cowardice
cool
challenging logic puzzle, to say the least
yeah
wow, this is dark. he wants soviet britain.
exactly
exactly
yeah …
yeah
well, semi-true
“weird”
the seriousness of his tone is in direct proportion to the absurdity of his outfit. what is that thing on his head?
concerning
three years in prison for social media posts … in britain?
stalin would be proud
strange indeed
true
hired as security guards?
damn ok. will look into it.
more like 100% of the world. everyone is descended, at some point, from both slaves and slave owners. everyone.
the romans won their wars through engineering
suicidal empathy
true
order starlink online in 2 mins
cool
great questions
the origin of the word “slave” is slav, which referred to white people taken as slaves
that’s a lot of tech debt
yeah, once in a while, it’s worth making cool stuff for its own sake
interesting thread
support freedom of speech in the uk!
while google and meta struck secret ads deal to target teenagers
whoa
great question!
it is high time for government &amp; regulatory reform
he forgot lesson 8: raise your son well
true
great
out of curiosity, is this the same who himself criticized policing protests in 2021? what a hypocrite!
exactly
amazing
can someone please tell him i think he is a craven coward in his next press briefing? thank you 🙏
he’s terrified of having to perform equal enforcement of the law for all in his own city. just another craven two tier coward.
cool
yikes
there are too many rules &amp; requirements in the chips act that are slowing down progress. for example, dei hiring rules that are impossible to fulfill, because the chip factory expertise is supermajority asian!
if all shared your view, fighting would never be necessary, but not all do
really?
yeah
population is collapsing rapidly
true, that’s probably 80% of people
why are there 2 tiers?
landslide seems to be the winner for druid this season
the rise in prices (inflation) is caused by government overspending, which increases the amount of money faster than the increase in goods &amp; services output. that is the vast majority of the problem. inflation was particularly bad during the covid years, as there was massive
he is super, super racist. scotland gave him everything and yet he loathes white people. this is obvious, because he has never complained about the race of any other country’s leadership. there are over 200 countries in the world, most of whom have single-race leadership. why
“voting machines are so safe you can’t believe it!”
for a more detailed explanation of the major changes from raptor 2 to 3
literally
very sad story. one of a great many.
we will singe his mustache from space!
an omnipotent ai that is not rigorously truth-seeking is extremely dangerous. don’t force ai to lie.
damning discovery of documents
reality is reaching a fever pitch
production is true pain
all the small plumbing &amp; wiring had to be deleted or incorporated into the primary structure, because raptor 3 will have no heat shield. also, all parts have to be actively cooled in some way, so we added regenerative cooling where there was no existing fluid or gas flow.
just livin’ the meme
the parts that appear white are actually black, but covered in ice
raptor 3 first firing today
usage of this platform reached another all-time high
something is wrong with the bbc
impressive
this is actually happening
chef’s kiss 🤌
great wisdom in our first amendment
unconscionable
interesting
is this accurate?
the woke stasi
we really do
tampons for boys in middle school? what?
weird that the democrats used to be the free speech party and are now the biggest proponents of censorship
people should believe them when they say this
nice
your time is worth it
he’s only 60? 😬
he’s such a goober 😂
in both categories!
population collapse is accelerating
population collapse
well said
time to air the dirty laundry!
gwynne is awesome
but also there is a little horse inside the big horse hiding communism
most startups are pain and extreme work, followed by death
you know it when you see it, kinda like porn
i’m open to it
true
exactly
ah yes, logic.
yeah
kamala is quite literally a communist. she wants not merely equal opportunity, but equal outcomes.
indeed
cool
busy week
the sheer absurdity of the situation is a wonder to behold 🤩
yeah
exactly
everyone who has been boycotted should file a lawsuit in every country they’ve been boycotted
i strongly encourage any company who has been systematically boycotted by advertisers to file a lawsuit. there may also be criminal liability via the rico act.
well said by !
we tried peace for 2 years, now it is war
we tried being nice for 2 years and got nothing but empty words. now, it is war.
seriously
🇬🇧 top source of news in the uk 🇬🇧
yeah … 🥱
why does the uk media, with a few exceptions, just parrot the government?
exactly
the irony is that facebook doesn’t even exist in 2030
congratulations! 🇷🇸
what the hell is going on?
is this still happening?
sounds like that is the uk today!
in any given sport, you have to be mutant-level good to be the best in the world
amazing. idiocracy was way too optimistic.
baller move tbh
it’s like friendster
a dish best served cold 🤌
in 2030 for making a facebook comment that the uk government didn’t like
extremely concerning
is this accurate ?
how many citizens democratically voted for her again? i think i missed that part.
video tips
why aren’t all communities protected in britain?
it’s a great truck. we need to make it more affordable in the years to come.
the same legacy media dingbats who lied repeatedly, claiming “x/twitter is dying”, are now saying it’s the “largest &amp; most influential platform” 🤣🤣🤣 the real crime here is that my sides hurt from laughing at the irony! listen ed, if you want to refute something, it is easy
arrested for making comments on facebook! is this britain or the soviet union? is this accurate ?
good grief 🤦‍♂️
this platform provides a clear and immediate way to refute anything false in the replies and with . the same is not true for legacy media who lie relentlessly, but there is no way to counter their propaganda.
does defy logic
i just canned this program. was not approved.
he doesn’t like competing with the truth. we’ll add him to the lawsuit.
big difference
is this accurate ?
fsd will be much safer than humans
thanks gad!
i hear the same
cybertruck review
is this real!? 🤣🤣
dang that’s a burn
sounds pretty bad. , is this real?
no choice. it is impossible to operate in san francisco if you’re processing payments. that’s why stripe, block (cashapp) &amp; others had to move.
you’re welcome!
that’s a crazy thing for him to say
shouldn’t you be concerned about attacks on *all* communities?
does seem one-sided
yeah
there do appear to be perhaps a few philosophical differences 🤷‍♂️
cool
he basically is the fed
soon to the moon and then mars!
good point
cool
you might be right about that
yeah
still a crazy number of cables in compute clusters
rather one-sided
this should not be happening. will investigate.
cool
beautiful shot
i do look forward to visiting istanbul. it is one of the great cities of the world.
druid still feeble (sigh)
robots will hit the center of the bullseye every time
all 5 boys super happy
he is clearly expecting a correction of some kind or otherwise simply cannot see better investments than treasury bills. the fed needs to drop rates. they have been foolish not to have done so already.
if incompatible cultures are brought together without assimilation, conflict is inevitable
looking forward to your new book
absolutely
it is an often overlooked major issue
home, sweet home
exactly
you’re most welcome. civilization is at stake.
civil war is inevitable
what a pathetic hypocrite
yeah
not this time
open borders is madness
the rate of increase of ai is 🤯
sounds extremely esoteric now, but it won’t in the future
i hope not, but there is a small chance it may be necessary
yeah. the team put in a staggering amount of work to get to raptor 3.
seriously
model 3 performance version is 🔥🔥
other companies dumping evs at massive negative gross margin is a problem, but not one that will last
exactly
that guy doesn’t get it. i would prefer to have zero involvement in politics. however there is no “company success” unless civilization itself continues to progress. this insane shift by the “left” away from a meritocracy and personal liberties (eg censorship of free speech
yeah
just did a walkthrough of the tesla supercompute cluster at giga texas (aka cortex). this will be ~100k h100/h200 with massive storage for video training of fsd &amp; optimus. great work by the tesla team!
indeed. it is not widely understood that spacex has the most advanced 3d metal printing technology in the world.
in a few years, we will finally have a raptor 3/4 vacuum version (giant nozzle) that has an isp of 380
worth it
important to note that the induced mass (mass required by a given engine design that is not the engine itself) of raptor 3, while far better than raptor 2, still has a lot of room for improvement. thrust will exceed 300 tons with raptor 3.x (thrust/mass&gt;200), enabling 10,000
is this for real?
same (groan)
cool
starlink now available in 102 countries!
the fundamental architecture is now right, but we will still make thousands of improvements
many of them are 3d metal printed into the wall of the part
interesting
and it no longer requires a heat shield. everything is regeneratively cooled.
it really is
the amount of work required to simplify the raptor engine, internalize secondary flow paths and add regenerative cooling for exposed components was staggering. as a result raptor 3 doesn’t require any heat shield, eliminating heat shield mass &amp; complexity, as well as the fire
detailed explanation
yeah
will investigate
exactly
i did all my coding with just diet coke, burgers &amp; pizza
it is a major breakthrough
this really is a great product. took 3 major iterations, as usual to get to something great.
weird
the sponsors are to blame
the sponsors almost certainly forced her to do it
yeah
interview with lex
he made a series of impressively insane demands. we declined. therefore, there was no deal.
uh oh
to the stars
maduro is clearly getting high on his own very large supply of drugs. as a reminder, this is his actual, real dea reward poster:
true
not at all
cisgender is a slur indeed
cool
highway stack is not yet 12.5. will be later this month.
yeah
great question
long-term, it will get super nutty
please ask what size orange jumpsuit he wants in gitmo
incentives for evs exist in many states, but seem to be seldom used. maybe lack of awareness or excessively paperwork and requirements.
freedom of speech is the bedrock of democracy
coming
good
great
good idea
true
yeah
seriously
one day, tesla will make a drivetrain per second
big buffs
wow, this is insane
good to have you a partner in making tesla what it is today
good
this is very important
government is underreporting an additional 46,500/month in illegal immigration!
schools forcing dei on elementary school kids without parental consent
true
very strange
true or let her deny it
south park predicts reality again
something is deeply wrong with our justice system
wise words
absolutely
good idea
accurate
extremely disturbing!
this is wrong
!! is this accurate ?
i’m coming for you maduro! 🚀💣 i will carry you to gitmo on a donkey 🫏
most entertaining outcome is most likely
the legacy media has lost as much as this platform has gained
0.0% chance
politifact has a major left-wing bias
thanks :)
yeah, super creepy
true
there is still limited understanding of where this platform will end up
great
what don’t they lie about?
nice
yeah
same thing is happening in california
a rare win of this nature in california
i’m really worried about this!
messed up
true
the [mis]information strikes again. xai is not considering an acquisition of character ai.
we have a clear path to doubling average miles between interventions in august
everything is 💯 true 🤣
cool
yeah
😂 working on fixing this
haha true
nice
yeah
this is happening a lot. at age 4 …
interesting
absolutely
just did a search for “trump rally” on google and kamala was the top result!
maduro is a big guy himself and probably knows how to fight, so this would be a real fight. zuck is a little fella, so that would be a short fight lol.
if i win, he resigns as dictator of venezuela. if he wins, i give him a free ride to mars.
all three of us enter the ring, only one comes out
exactly
he will chicken out
i accept
happy birthday!
cool
byd needs to change course fast or they’re in trouble
congrats to the tesla drivetrain team!
happy birthday!
population collapse is happening in so many countries
the best domain name on the internet
yeah
cool
awesome
we will be there one day
yeah
good for peru!
true
true
scary indeed
cool
the people voted overwhelmingly for gonzalez
ai5 is ~18 months away from high volume production
national rent control
absolutely
i hear you
read the parasitic mind
crazy
majorly 🐟
yeah
sure seems that way
who is funding the attacks on you?
indeed
for what reasons is he defined as a terrorist? has he committed a violent crime or expressed clear intent to commit a violent crime?
maduro is not a good guy. venezuela deserves much better. the us has plenty of domestic oil &amp; gas production and nothing would happen fast in venezuela, so it would certainly not affect this election. several years would be needed to rebuild venezuela’s oil production.
it’s crazy
very impressive
this is crazy
true
strange
this is real
dubai is winning
moving up!
there is a dire lack of accountability in government
crooks for sure interacted with people before the attempted assassination. question is who?
tesla model y gets highest safety score ever!
yeah
more like all of earth
would be a banger
it is safe to say that he wouldn’t have tried to kill trump, unless he had trump derangement syndrome
it sure looks like the fbi leadership engaged in perjury …
she’s not even a great puppet
resilience probably does require adversity, but it would be cruel to apply that artificially
cool
yeah
yeah
congrats
if it continues to grow so rapidly, then de facto bankruptcy
would be cool to have a shooting world champion in an action movie
she should be cast in an action movie. no acting required!
interesting
they sound “sharp as a tack”
cool
this is crazy
demented, yet oddly compelling
the car drove me around austin to random gps pin drops. no interventions.
yeah
his brain has been marinating in kool-aid for a long time
“just don't laugh” sick burn 😂
epic
such a great source of defiant l’s!
wise words
absolutely
therein lies the wisdom of the 2nd amendment
exactly
a declining birth rate happens towards the end of every civilization and is a function of extended prosperity. caesar tried, and augustus succeeded, in passing laws to encourage more children, but these were not enough.
nope
yeah, makes no sense
that is the key question
a dating site for ai’s who are single singularities
yeah
they should mix up the propaganda more. this is way too obvious. just like when they were parroting before the debate that biden was “sharp as a tack” 🤣
the people of venezuela want change!
doesn’t sound super compatible with their customers
the dominoes continue to fall
more improvements coming to search
if the military supports the will of the people, it is over for maduro
“rookie numbers lmao” – genghis khan
sure is 🤣
yeah, like how is this even reality!? lmao
the dominoes are falling
exactly
intense
the trend is promising
they will keep doing it, but make it more subtle after today
that is a real risk
trend is good
yeah
literally
starlink continued to operate, despite the severed fiber
that was cool
yeah! 😂
yeah
cool
it’s crazy
cool
the people of venezuela have had enough of this clown 🤡
making progress
pretty much
does he have space lasers? because i do.
as i was saying, they’re importing voters
ahem …
the extinctionists are trying their hardest to convince others to be extinctionists too. mutual suicide society.
and it will improve significantly from here
this is obviously terribly unfair
yeah
unreal!
if they see someone with a gun rangefinder, that should be red alert immediately! full stop.
wow, this is crazy!
rust ftw
yeah, it’s insane
roadster
it takes considerable software effort to optimize the code enough to run on hw3. it also needs to be validated separately. estimated rollout is about 10 days.
starlink could do it literally infinitely cheaper
are you sure it was so many times? that’s a crazy number.
fsd 12.5.1 starts wide release today. please connect your tesla to wifi to receive the update.
making progress!
same
he wouldn’t tell me if he loves bbc. i asked several times!
pretty sure he graduated summa cum loud
new model s plaid quarter mile time!
tech is super skewed, but i didn’t realize until today how big the sheer scale of alphabet (google) donations are
the legacy media engages in the mass synchronization of emotion for political purposes. they are a de facto arm of the dnc.
child abuse
12.5 is awesome
the biden-harris administration is importing vast numbers of voters
great idea
major election fraud by maduro
absolutely
they are importing voters
facebook &amp; instagram inflate their real user numbers by 400%
absolutely
newsom should create an endowed 😉 chair at univ of california for prof deeznuts
definitely deserves an deserves an endowed 😉 chair
yeah, where’s joe?
probably just a coincidence that alphabet (google) employees were the top donors to biden
weird
the legacy media npc grovel fest
wow, the donation levels from alphabet and univ of california are insanely high!
if the olympics had a category for cringe, this might win
cool
did you read even a summary of that bill? it was a wolf in sheep’s clothing that would have made things worse!
yeah!
just another fyi that government spending is driving america bankrupt …
thank goodness for common sense in the uk. now this should be applied in the us as soon as possible.
not for long
britain has rightfully banned puberty blockers for children for the immense and permanent harm they do
next-level cringe
yeah
halo infinite &amp; cyberpunk are worth playing
elden ring is a work of art. looking forward to next season. not a lot out there that’s great rn, at least on pc.
he’s such a tool
cool
not all that long ago
they are importing voters as fast as they possibly can
i think the risk of this is very real
what a travesty
not to mention pullitsir prize winner dr head, first name dick
strange sport, but impressive indeed
absolutely
i checked with renowned world authority, professor suggon deeznutz, and he said parody is legal in america 🤷‍♂️
they’re getting themselves into a lot of trouble if they interfere with the election
wow, google has a search ban on president donald trump! election interference?
accurate
yeah
sure is
yeah
the future will be wild
cool
true
great to see you too
always pin your best posts!
thanks
yeah, crazy that it works
miniature wooly mammoths as pets would be epic 🦣
biden is utterly controlled by the uaw. he would rather tesla be dead than not unionized.
always
true
rapidly reaching enough direct to cell satellites for continuous coverage at highly populated latitudes
16 years ago
congrats to the falcon team on completing 3 successful launches this weekend!
that’s it?
what did he do that was considered terrorism?
good points. most important i think for getting character balance right is making it fun to play in a party with friends. if your character can only contribute ~2% as much damage as barb/sorc, which happened with druid last season, it isn’t fun.
cool
300th reuse of a falcon rocket boost stage
trump/vance
he got buff
they have armies of lobbyists
good. leave them kids alone.
yeah
true, it’s gone too far. acceptance is fine, but being relentlessly pushed everywhere you go is not cool.
the lasers were great
judge dredd would drive a cybertruck
trump demonstrated courage under fire
what sources?
always important to watch the whole video. trump is asking low propensity voters to go out and vote. then he hopes to, but probably won’t succeed in, implementing voter id laws nationwide. that would reduce, in his opinion, the amount of voter fraud to the point where low
but look on the bright side? 😬
info wars
yeah, not cool.
dang, hope people are ok
she is an extinctionist
good name :)
fast flame in slow motion
the eiffel tower laser show was great
yikes
i wish the best for the people of venezuela! 🇻🇪
shamala is an extinctionist. the natural extension of her philosophy would be a de facto holocaust for all of humanity!
this thread is gold 😂
i think you’re right
breezy
now that’s what you call a ratio!
don’t be misery, i’m your fan! [ok, signing off now]
they dmca’d themselves 😂
truly the shining example of dad jokes 😂 christine says if a book falls off the stand, you can carrie it away.
it is time for the people of venezuela to have the chance for a better future. support maria corina!
i believe in the principles of christianity like love thy neighbor as thyself (have empathy for all) and turn the other cheek (end the cycle of retribution)
it is
awesome
unless there is more bravery to stand up for what is fair and right, christianity will perish
could be worse. at least i’m not richard gere with the gerbils-in-butt meme. thank heaven for small mercies 🙏 nobody will ever feel comfortable letting him near their pet hamster.
also
i love
this is overzealous application of dmca. the law permits limited use of copyrighted material in special circumstances.
vast majority of healthcare spending is near end of life and obesity often plays a major role. glp and other hunger inhibitors might be the single biggest positive effect on healthcare and quality of life in the 21st century.
dude with junk out is leaning in on the kid?
nobody invited you, douchebag
this would have been so awesome
the assassin’s creed parkour guy was kind of a mime
the ones i know seem quite nice tbh
this is the free speech platform, so feel free to say whatever you want! unless it’s illegal, it won’t be taken down. of course, you should expect trolls and npc attacks, but that’s just part of the experience.
thanks jeff!
save our kids!
yeah
not to brag or anything, but i think i don’t look a day over 4000!
5024 years old (check my bio)
super cool tesla light show!
interesting analysis
it seems that almost all previously scientific publications are now controlled by the woke mind virus
yeah
there are far more ways to fail than to succeed, so studying success is faster
they’re everywhere these days 😂
there will be several point releases in quick succession
that’s up to the martians
“scientific” american is doing political shilling wow
the good old days 😂
you were great!
back in the saddle!
good question. i think civilization in general should seek to increase consciousness and explore the stars, in order to understand the universe.
those are the goals
oh the irony 😂
it is an extinctionist cult
this is amazing 😂
yeah
exactly
end-of-days vibes …
yeah
christianity has become toothless
increase the dose and it will work
can’t win without them. they decide the election.
the olympics laser show was amazing!
this was extremely disrespectful to christians
true, although the former is outdoing the latter
based
don’t send them to school in california
wow, this is crazy
wise words
i read jane austen!
she should post on 𝕏
awesome
ap stands for associated propaganda
slavery was everywhere on earth. sometimes they used different names, but it was everywhere.
intelligence seems to be about how tightly you can compress reality and, from that compression, predict the future
wpath is a criminal organization
the true battle is between extinctionists, who want to holocaust humanity, and expansionists
this insanity is happening all around the country
cool
looks cool
the discovery on this case will be devastating for the woke mind virus that controls disney
real-time olympics info at
this is messed up
america is headed for bankruptcy fyi
yeah
yeah
that dude lies nonstop
cbs lies about trump lying
yeah
exactly
pizza hut does well on blind taste tests
my roommate says i’m a delusional schizophrenic. jokes on him, i don’t have a roommate!
what do you call a great dane eating a small piece of ham in a little village? hamlet eating hamlet in a hamlet.
free willy was never free …
yikes! not good for the future of humanity.
apart from adding a lot more words, the rate of change of english slowed down over the past ~500 years. once literacy and books are widespread, i think that has a stabilizing effect. but my son asked if english would be around in 4000 years and i said probably not.
looks like the public is in favor. will discuss with tesla board.
yeah
true
yeah, it’s crazy
olympics!
you did indeed
catturd 🙌 lol
death has a lot of doors left to visit
in short, a society without death would die to a society with death
definitely
yeah!
absolutely
yeah
most people have no idea it exists
many in the west seem to have lost the will to continue. perhaps religion was necessary after all.
we have yet to unlock the full potential of hw4. that may enable up to a further 8x increase in parameters.
ahem …
welcome to the jungle
haha amazing
literally as far left as it is possible to go! they’re trying so hard to erase the internet lmao.
we probably have a few years
epic idea
people who have been lifelong democrats refuse to accept the clear reality that the democratic party is rapidly become openly antisemitic. this trend is accelerating, not slowing down. knock, knock. hello, captain obvious here!
i’m not opposed to the idea in principle, but i’m not sure there is a pragmatic or legal way to merge them. there is also value in equity incentives of people at the companies being tied to that company’s accomplishments.
his texts are like an llm trained on pornhub
the democratic party is the home of anti-americanism
our educational institutions have been spewing anti-american propaganda for long before tiktok came along. social media may amplify it, but the root of the mind virus is in our elite colleges.
yeah
good edit of the interview
nice
cool
poor guy
accurate
this is messed up
nuts
yeah
yes. technically ass is separate code, but it will be bundled with 12.5.x next month.
my apologies, but i set the priority to get it working well (including upgrading the ancient highway code) on hw4 model y to limit variations, then adapt to other vehicles and hw3
still some issues with this release, but you can see the magic already. we’re pushing it out only to those who have requested advanced releases (setting on screen that is defaulted off). for regular users, ~v12.5.3 is probably suitable for wide release.
yeah
this happens every time he does rails
the moment is the only thing that exists
with the right dna mods, we could literally turn into butterflies
starlink now operating on over 1000 aircraft! using starlink on a plane feels like you’re on a high speed ground fiber connection.
it hurts our feelings when you deadname 😢
the democratic party has become openly &amp; boldly antisemitic
coming soon to ios &amp; android!
cool
impressive
yeah
how many times did kamala, who was appointed “border czar” by biden, actually visit the border that she’s czar of?
not necessarily. kamala is just a puppet, so they could tell her at the last minute. she’ll read whatever the teleprompter says.
interesting
yeah, so many things are weirdly the opposite of their name
yeah. it’s tricky, as i have a threat profile higher than many heads of state, but am put into the “corporate ceo” bucket for major events. means i have to stay relatively secluded.
yeah, it is a major pain train
cool
i think the same thing about myself tbh
just another corpo puppet
shouldn’t the nominee be decided by a party vote? democracy etc …
about 3 weeks ago, the media told you that biden was “sharp as a tack” 🙄 2 days ago, the poor guy was basically forced at gunpoint to resign as dem nominee. his staff weren’t even informed. now they say kamala is the best thing ever 🤦‍♂️
they are jumping the gun
yeah
yeah, it’s ridiculous. i am making some donations to america pac, but at a much lower level and the key values of the pac are supporting a meritocracy &amp; individual freedom. republicans are mostly, but not entirely, on the side of merit &amp; freedom.
this is beyond dumb. i never said was donating $45m/month to trump – that was a totally fake article! how can back down from something that never happened!!??
interesting
i wouldn’t trust whatsapp at all
should tesla invest $5b into , assuming the valuation is set by several credible outside investors? (board approval &amp; shareholder vote are needed, so this is just to test the waters)
well, we would need a shareholder vote for that. will hold a poll, see what people think and then discuss with the board.
pretty much
release in theaters if you want basically no one to see it
tesla earnings livestream
starlink is now active in a gaza hospital with the support of and
waymo money 😂
good work by travis &amp; team
cool!
+1 for zuck
sure is
and dojo 1 will have roughly 8k h100-equivalent of training online by end of year. not massive, but not trivial either.
tesla quarterly update
starlink is rebuilding the internet in space
important to note that we also use the tesla hw4 ai computer in the training loop with nvidia gpus, currently at roughly a 1:2 ratio. also, we’re changing the name from hardware 4 (hw4) to artificial intelligence 4 (ai4). that means ~90k h100, plus ~40k ai4 computers.
it is impressive and zuck does deserve credit for open-sourcing
what those parameters effectively do is compress reality
kamala will be significantly further left than biden
best 3 words of advice i’ve heard in a while
this would be super effective for me! 😂
it’s easy to increase params. making them high snr is hard.
good
good idea
great
for sure
harley davidson?
we are focusing on just model y with hw4 for the initial release. make sure that works well, then broaden. this has the 5x increase in parameters. hw3 would run the same parameter count, but requires extra work to optimize the code.
high time
congrats!
speedy is a great character (and always wins)
yeah
i agree. team made one for me as an office chair and it’s great.
cool
😂 but seriously where is he?
might be one day
i’m not sure how to help.
xavier was born gay and slightly autistic , two attributes that contribute to gender dysphoria. i knew that from when he was about 4 years old and he would pick out clothes for me to wear like a jacket and tell me it was “fabulous!”, as well as his love of musicals &amp; theatre.
talking with jordan in 5 mins
yeah!
hypocrisy
not that i’ve heard
truly staggering levels of dumb
great point
where are we with dollar value destruction, you might ask?
they should actually teach this in biz school
a whole new class should be a little op. not too much, but a little to encourage people to try it. also curious to see the changes to my default druid character.
true
america is going bankrupt btw
cool
cool
not sure i would trust director cheetos with guarding cheetos tbh
before testifying, every witness should be required to pass a test where they take a plastic square, triangle and circle and put them to through their respective holes
traffic to 𝕏 was insanely high
it is safe to say that not everyone in the government is super hard-working and brilliantly competent
this is a significant advantage in training the world’s most powerful ai by every metric by december this year
but definitely looking to increase our human talent advantage, so please apply at , as well as and
yeah. this is a big deal.
true
yeah
true
join (or ) to help build maximally truth-seeking &amp; curious ai to understand the nature of the universe!
tesla will have genuinely useful humanoid robots in low production for tesla internal use next year and, hopefully, high production for other companies in 2026
nice work by team, team, &amp; supporting companies getting memphis supercluster training started at ~4:20am local time. with 100k liquid-cooled h100s on a single rdma fabric, it’s the most powerful ai training cluster in the world!
memetic warfare
i am an alien scientist operating under a japanese pseudonym
sure did
please show us the venn diagram of “not fit to run for reelection” and “still fit to run the country”
this was basically already in an episode of veep
the future maximizes entropic entertainment
the ratings – if this reality were an alien netflix series – would be through the roof
timing was perfect 🤌
cool
so many bangers today 😂
swan lake is made of tears. most russian thing ever.
kids are the best
i was told that many good accounts were unfortunately caught in a reply spammer net. that said, it really doesn’t make sense that your account would be suspended, as you’re not a super frequent replier.
many good accounts were unfortunately caught in a reply spam net
civilization does need oil &amp; gas for quite some time. i don’t think we should demonize an industry that is essential for humanity to function. however, as you know, sustainable energy production and consumption is growing very rapidly and is tracking to exceed use of
does have “hostage” vibes 😂
87% is high
worth following
strange, will investigate
i agree! needs to be a get-out-of-today’s-political-shitstorm ripcord. you could always try your following or a domain-specific list.
seems inevitable
nice work
🍆 💦 it’s irresistible
has anyone seen or heard him?
poor fredo
true
maybe she had incredible foresight 🤷‍♂️
true
nice
it will be clear in hindsight
today has been epic
good cover art
the quality of memes today has been superb
amazing
it will have a happy ending
imagine 4 years of this …
grok is being trained in memphis
it’s tougher now, since they need to get jd too
worth it for the lulz
nuclear levels of cringe
high time for an ai fashion show
incompetence in the extreme is indistinguishable from sabotage or a conspiracy
awesome 😎
fiction ftw (again)
i’d just like to thank for not keeping everyone in suspense about who the next puppet would be 🙏
she’s awesome
trump/vance lfg!!
trump/vance lfg!!
ride the information dragon!
trump/vance lfg!!
leaders should post directly, not hand the role to intermediaries. that is what works best. mistakes will be made, but that’s what proves it’s real. people want authenticity.
𝕏 is a meme goldmine rn
white house aides learned biden was dropping out by reading 𝕏
it’s almost like they knew it was coming
yeah, tell us alex 😂😂
they just want a puppet that will perform better. the political machine will remain in power. what’s different about trump is that he isn’t a puppet of either side, so real government reform is possible.
when was he ever running america?
they are so slow
not that i’ve heard
he doesn’t hate you. in fact, i think he likes you. meet him and find out for yourself. how many times have you read something in the media where you know the real story, but what they printed was diabolically false? well, it’s way worse in politics, which is a blood sport.
æsthetics matter there should be a beauty to the flow of thought on 𝕏
simple incentives explain almost everything. a complex explanation is rarely needed.
come on, vinod. trump/vance lfg!!
amazing, since half of dc knew this would happen last week
*jill
yeah, all his predictions have come true
i believe in an america that maximizes individual freedom and merit. that used to be the democratic party, but now the pendulum has swung to the republican party.
my smartest friends, including those living in the san francisco bay area who have been lifelong dems, are excited about trump/vance
i heard last week that he would resign at this exact time and date. it was widespread knowledge in dc. the real powers that be are discarding the old puppet in favor of one that has a better chance of fooling the public. they fear trump because he is not a puppet.
exactly
yeah
director cheetos is criminally incompetent. a good man is dead due to this anti-meritocratic culture!
weird
it’s not a contest. humans should not be on drone battlefields.
so tolerant and kind
no machines at all
damn 😂
whoa
thanks !
such a weird shift of the left to bow down to authority
i don’t agree with you, but there should certainly be extremely thorough vetting of anyone using surrogates
happens so often
every time the game said that, i thought “war does change!”
even adjusted for inflation! dang.
absolutely. the failure to have a meritocracy is why an innocent person is now dead!
journalists, for the most part, are the insufferable smug snitches from middle school who turned pro. think about that.
yeah
change the programs that someone else put in your mind
absolutely. in-person only and paper ballots. same-day counting.
yeah!
we should create a permanently occupied moonbase
i literally have zero interests russia. tesla has no operations there, spacex directly competes with russia for space launch and starlink is a key asset of ukraine. sam harris is a pompous hypocrite (writes book about how lying is terrible and then advocates lying to keep trump
or cryogenically frozen or uploaded to the computer or some life extension thing
real buzzkill
would help a lot of people. this excellent piece by peter jennings in favor of mdma is worth watching:
the timescale of continental drift is a reminder of how much our our entire civilizational history is still just a flash in the pan
and i get sunburned in &lt;10 minutes
if you look at the instructions carefully, it will admit that it doesn’t work for the first ~15 minutes
things do tend to come full circle
should be fixed in 12.5
12.5 will feel amazing compared to 12.3.6
back when the onion was super funny:
🎈🎈🎈 happy birthday! 🎈🎈🎈
jensen is still hardcore, despite all the success
tesla has done so much that would be considered “ai research breakthroughs”, but we are laser-focused on making it work, rather than crowing about breakthroughs. having a large fleet is only one piece of the puzzle. plenty of other car companies produce way more cars than
collective power
true
the entire apollo program had less compute than a mobile phone has today!
you’re welcome
a couple i know finally moved from sf, because there was a dead body in front of their house. they called 911 and no one even showed up until the next day.
thanks for letting me know
let this sink in!
yeah
amazing lmao
major problem
question the blob narrative
best ai video to date!
and now it is time for america to reach far greater heights by sending astronauts to mars! ultimately, anyone who wants to be a space traveler and help build a new civilization on mars should be able to do so. that is an inspiring future!
it will be fine
that would be epic 😂
basic shot with iron sights, no scope needed
the amount of blatant lying in “historical” entertainment is staggering. you can make something purely fictional and do what you, but if you claim it is historical and it isn’t, the art is a lie.
rate of change vs cumulative
insane government waste of taxpayer dollars!
ab 1955, authored by pedophile-apologist scott wiener and which just signed into law in california, is a child predators dream
make america greater again
the best breakfast
yup. no traffic in dc.
same
starlink factory
absolutely
cool
sometimes, the chickens hatch
yeah
sounds promising
and it will only get better
but same skill tree? if same tree, then you could unlock almost all skills.
yeah, there should be a max age. founders just didn’t expect anyone to live that long back then!
yeah
yeah
for sure
cool
cool
this is harder than it may seem. iss has pretty low max thrust limits, as the solar arrays are very floppy, but requires a high total impulse to deorbit with precision.
congratulations pm on being the most followed world leader!
max boot is a dick
beautiful streetlights are so worth it
we’re going to render the gun as it should be rendered on all devices. the water pistol is dumb &amp; ugly.
yeah
pumping his fist after being shot was amazing
aiming to have a level playing field for all points of view. note, i will also express my own point of view, as not doing so would be inconsistent with freedom of speech.
video animation of pictures is getting good
real butter is fine
sloped roof my ass
💯 no-brainer to fire the no-brainer
unfortunately, many of our suppliers and logistics companies use it
damning that dems fought so hard to allow registration to vote without proof of citizenship!
it is fundamental to any given civilization: are you still stuck on your starter planet or are you in the multiplanet league?
truly staggering levels of waste and incompetence!
well, is absolutely right! almost every child goes through some kind of identity crisis during puberty. it is deeply wrong to make them permanently infertile with “puberty blockers”. if they still wish to transition as adults, provided they are fully informed of
this will be a very dramatic event. sky full of shooting stars, albeit over an empty region of the pacific (but we will still get great video).
yeah
cool
we just deleted crowdstrike from all our systems, so no rollouts at all
not far wrong
does anyone ever get fired anymore?
yeah
this gave a seizure to the automotive supply chain
there are only two options. of those options, trump is obviously better. end of story.
why will the encore be??
incompetence in the extreme is indistinguishable from sabotage/conspiracy
it did strike a very large crowd
yeah
exactly
the antivirus was the virus
major problem. this california law should be repealed.
not very “bright” right now, is it?
biggest it fail ever
the trajectory is obviously that it will be vastly better than human driving
hearing similar from many people
this app still works
converts over 4 millions tons per second to energy and requires zero maintenance!
yeah
many big events this week. threw the algorithm off.
a trillion tons is surprisingly compact
yeah
yeah
correct. i asked that we end special hashtags anyway, as it isn’t obvious that they’re advertising.
correct. i asked that we end special hashtags anyway, as it isn’t obvious that they’re advertising.
interesting
a surprising number of people think that tesla survives on subsidies. that is true of our competitors, but not of tesla.
obliteration is coming anyway
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
this is a real headspinner!
he’s got ~4 weeks before the dnc. why rush?
𝕏 is a hell of a drug
whoa
yeah
great feature!
cool
usually true
yup, we’re already working on something close to this
this note is false. i have not pledged anything to anyone! i did create a pac that is focused on supporting candidates who favor a meritocracy and personal freedom, but funding to date has been far below that level.
yeah!!
yeah, it will be very difficult and dangerous
yup, same thing happening with real-world ai at tesla
fixed on web, soon to be fixed in rendering on mobile!
yup, always has been
lmaooo
exactly
that would be a very cool building
absolutely
totally psychotic
interesting
new season sounds promising
maybe the ai can finally make half-life 3
great movie
freedom &amp; merit is what america should be about
awesome!! ❤️
i’m so surprised
i think he should stay in the race, but they’re going to take him out
they’re taking biden fishing soon …
true 😂
request a community note!
exactly
over 15 gwh of megapacks!
what matters is rate of change. the percentage supporting trump last election was minuscule. this time, it will be massive.
so long as california remains a one-party state, it will keep getting worse
this lays out the issue very clearly
based
it would be death, not a “burden”
feels like i’ve heard that somewhere before 🤔
i’m not speaking at the rnc
marc, i think you’re great and had the best of intentions, but the crazy gross receipts city tax that you supported makes it impossible for financial companies to operate in san francisco. that’s why stripe, block (cashapp), visa and many others were forced out of san
this is amazing 🤣🤣
i hope it works out
check out the new spacex eva spacesuits. these will allow astronauts to do spacewalks.
the goal is this diabolical law is to break the parent-child relationship and put the state in charge of your children
yeah
true, usage levels are remaining high
must have been tough to eat soup in that outfit
exactly
2008 was super tough
wow, america really is the land of opportunity!
he was brilliant
yikes
yeah
mark cuban is a self-confessed racist, so he just hates himself
are you using a tesla?
she’s mad as a hatter!
yes, cybertruck fsd releases with 12.5, which also finally merges the city and highway code.
interesting
exactly
it is a beautiful factory
i’m living rent-free in his head 🤣🤣
that is fundamentally the problem: some politicians think that they own your kids
cybertruck in the wilds
starlink now serving about (canadian pronunciation) 3% of homes in canada!
for large commercial or community users, the starlink gateway terminal provides over 8gbps of downlink and soon over 8gbps uplink too
always wondered about that
these are great
weiner is corrupt to the core of his soul
the old name was far too limiting
nope
exactly
thank you for your excellent analysis of just how dangerous this is for children
cybertruck has a sloped roof … just sayin
true
can’t believe they didn’t notice saddam hussein was there!!
important to bear in mind that advertisers have a right to place their advertising where they feel it is most effective for sales
you can do anything on this platform that doesn’t violate or probably violate the law. doesn’t mean we condone all that is said, but we believe strongly in freedom of speech.
maybe that cow should be recruited for sniper watch. seems to handle that sloped roof really well.
absolutely
this time it will
a co2 tax, properly applied, would change the tragedy of the commons that is the steadily rising co2 ppm level. if we’re going to tax anything, then we should prioritize taxing the potentially bad over the potentially good, as we do with alcohol &amp; cigarettes over vegetables &amp;
texas
we have recently received many requests to suspend or otherwise impact accounts on the left. however, 𝕏 is a free speech platform that aspires to give equal voice to all, within the bounds of the law. that is what we will do.
wow, steak &amp; eggs with coffee in the morning really feels like a powerup!
so here’s the situation …
for gaming, 2 for sure
true, the democratic party has moved so far left that the republican party is now closest to the center
the smartest people in the world are on 𝕏
calling for the murder of presidential candidates is illegal
first time that i’m being really vocal too. i think america is in deep trouble if the administration doesn’t change.
it will work out well
true
women who exceed the same high testing standards as men can be bodyguards. what is messed up is having much lower standards for women than for men.
that is irrational. there will only be two choices: it is therefore reasonable to pick which administration, all things considered, will be better.
sigh …
important for civilization to pass the single-planet fermi great filter
true
yeah
gavin will end up being a commentator on msnbc watched by about 6 people
gavin’s career is over
i agree!
it’s not me, it’s advertisers
yeah, that was cool
you never get off your knees
takes me back many years
the choice is clear
such mean &amp; cruel people they are
not bad
i agree
exactly!
yeah
manner layers of madness here: national rent control will just stop builders from making new housing units. then he also misreads the teleprompter. and forgets that his own policy is 5%.
yikes
well said!!
he is actually significantly worse than anchorman at this point. can’t even read the prompter!
so long as no one *actually* tries to open the door / assassinate, it will seem like fort knox
if such a “roach motel” tax were to be put in place, founders would go elsewhere
the tide is turning
the governor of california just signed a bill causing massive destruction of parental rights and putting children at risk for permanent damage. important to read this:
yeah
authorities keep saying it will get better, but it doesn’t. last week was the worst experience ever. crime is allowed to run rampant in california.
as a reminder, doug leone of sequoia capital publicly voiced his support for trump 6 weeks ago. silicon valley has shifted.
the state will take your kids if you object
many will follow
marc andreessen and ben horowitz explain why they support trump
“tiny tech”? has alliteration going for it.
they will just keep going down as their legacy users pass away
there certainly will be after the election
thanks
visual approximation of secret service director cheetos’s “foolproof” assassination protection strategy
anyone here tried whatever that top one is?
there were many straws before that, but that was what finally did it
indeed
have had enough of dodging gangs of violent drug addicts just to get in and out of the building
and 𝕏 hq will move to austin
we *are* actually doing x
i did make it clear to governor newsom about a year ago that laws of this nature would force families and companies to leave california to protect their children
great
minus 100% confidence
looks very slopey …
done
this is the final straw. because of this law and the many others that preceded it, attacking both families and companies, spacex will now move its hq from hawthorne, california, to starbase, texas.
a lot of families and companies will move out of california because of this law. who would want to risk the state taking away their kids?
crushing freedom of speech under a jackboot is what that government is doing
absolutely
this is so messed up
the slopes are the same. she’s either lying, staggeringly incompetent or both.
the lack of accountability in dc needs to needs to change bigtime
director cheetos needs to be fired immediately. what an idiot!
unless you can make changes to any given team, the team will fail
it’s beyond absurd for so many reasons!
dumbest excuse i’ve heard in a long time! so an untrained kid can handle that simple roof no problem, but professional snipers can’t? and … just find a sloped roof somewhere if you want to assassinate presidential candidates!?
exactly
damn, they must be next-level spicy!
well done
yay, i hope so!
this would be great
pretty much
the state will take away your kids in california
sure seems that way
so much in that excellent formula
build a community around anything at all on 𝕏! could be local neighborhood news &amp; events, video games, movies, school discussions or anything at all, large or small.
we should be greatful to have freedom of the press in the usa. it is so rare.
yeah
how to mute posts with words you find annoying
i try not to start fights, but i do finish them
cool
one of the greatest things humanity ever did
they sure like to dig their own grave
yeah
take away the subsidies. it will only help tesla. also, remove subsidies from all industries!
exactly
biden would never agree
yeah 🤷‍♂️
if sauron was posting on 4chan: &gt; my red eye hurts so bad &gt; i need a dump truck of visine &gt; then crazy midgets steal my fav bling &gt; to throw it in a volcano &gt; mfw
both and are looking to hire networking engineers &amp; technicians
if we just grow market share enough, there won’t be anywhere else to advertise 🤷‍♂️
yeah
works for me 😀
accurate
oh yeah lol
nobody ever gets fired, even when a presidential candidate is almost assassinated! incompetence costs lives.
what an unrepentant imbecile
if no one gets fired or resigns, everyone should get fired
i was pulling network cables on saturday to understand the critical path better. went through both the tesla and xai supercomputer clusters.
sounds great
it’s insane. last wednesday night, we got stuck in the garage at the x/twitter hq (on market street!), because a gang was doing drugs in the street and wouldn’t move!
absolutely
exactly
timely truth is immensely important for the collective consciousness to function well
more than double the power of the saturn v moon rocket!
assassination insurance
w for sure
definitely
absolutely
being another copycat is no way to succeed
agreed
––––––– trump vance ––––––– resounds with victory
congratulations ! excellent decision by .
great choice
poor guy. may he rest in peace.
i almost never use following anymore
wtf are they talking about!?
it was a stupidly high price 😔
exactly
really is
the legacy media misled the public
𝕏 usage hit another all-time high yesterday with 417 billion user-seconds globally! in the us, user-seconds reached 93b, 23% higher than the previous record of 76b. in a single day.
super weird
wsj management needs to clean house over there. if there is any news organization on earth that should be unabashedly pro capitalism, it is the wall street journal, for goodness sake! it’s literally in the name lmao.
by the way, you can easily mute all posts that have words you find annoying. just pop over to the settings page.
requested what i think is an important design change to the front, and extra time allows us to show off a few other things
accurate use of meme
exactly
i tried using both 𝕏 and legacy media this weekend, but legacy media was so far behind and wrong that it was pointless. when something is wrong on 𝕏, it is corrected very fast, but it stays wrong for hours to days on legacy media.
mensch move
interesting choice of no scope
yeah!
hahaha
epic headline
could be a man or a woman, to be clear, just needs to be large enough to do the job. someone like brienne of tarth would be fine.
exactly. positions should be based on merit only, especially when lives are at stake.
yeah
contemptible
evil
appreciate the thought
having a small person as body cover for a large man is like an undersized speedo at the beach – doesn’t cover the subject
strange coincidence
interesting thread
absolutely
supplemental security would be wise
either way, many should be fired. extreme incompetence is indistinguishable from sabotage/conspiracy, but that they failed badly in their job is unquestionably true, therefore they need to go.
mentally ill and sadistic
yeah
exactly
indeed :)
hahah for real
fantastic show
secret service owns the fail. period.
absolutely
i have thought that for many weeks now
long way to go
how do they know he acted alone if they can’t get into his phone?
you’re right, this is not appropriate content for advertisers
exactly
accurate. i was at that dinner a few tables away from trump. at the time, i thought it seemed messed up to be picking on someone in the audience so meanly.
absolutely
one hundred percent
snap, snap … time to wake up chris
oh well 😂
the best “reporters” are actual experts in a subject or those actually at the scene
they should be fired immediately
absolutely
contemptible
true
great question
those lawsuits are coming
the legacy media is a pure propaganda machine. 𝕏 is the voice of the people.
the new york times just published this about trump today. they are truly callous and despicable human beings. not a shred of empathy.
pretty much
yeah, this is an issue
true
absolutely
this is an important design improvement
seriously
absolutely
it was needed
good question
same
absolutely
you’re right
so before being in charge of protecting the president, she was guarding bags of cheetos …
extreme incompetence or it was deliberate. either way, the ss leadership must resign.
he ought to be in jail
that would be next-level
lack of manpower does not explain it. bystanders tried to point out the sniper to security (in a very obvious location) for minutes before the shooting
absolutely
absolutely. easy shot from an obvious sniper position.
yeah
maybe it’s time to build that flying metal suit of armor
dangerous times ahead. two people (separate occasions) have already tried to kill me in the past 8 months. they were arrested with guns about 20 mins drive from tesla hq in texas.
you very much predicted this
the head of the secret service and the leader of this security detail should resign
the reid hoffman’s of the world got their dearest wish … but then the martyr lived
poor guy
reid is afraid that if trump wins, reid will be prosecuted for going to epstein’s island
last time america had a candidate this tough was theodore roosevelt
major fail
exactly
i fully endorse president trump and hope for his rapid recovery
the computers are choosing our mates
they are contemptible parasites on the neck of tesla
it is the first rocket booster &amp; spaceship design capable of doing so
yeah
absolutely
correct
absolutely
starlink making progress in japan
cool
cool
is this real?
blue checks were being bought and sold openly. one didn’t even need to go to the “dark web”, you could just google “blue check for sale”!
this is simply another manifestation of the extinctionist / death cult philosophy: convince people that they’re terrible via ancestor guilt.
fidias is right. super important decision.
thanks jeff 🙏
congrats!
it’s like being at home
reminds me of elden ring
thanks :)
starship is the kind of thing that makes people from little kids to seniors excited about the future!
they obviously think importing oil illegals as voters gains more than losing disgruntled citizen voters
some valid concerns
it is great
been happening for a few years now (sigh)
indeed
accurate
best boss fight song ever
😂 it does need to work better
major dm upgrades coming!
end of days vibes
we were told ai doom would be a paper clip maximizer, but it’s actually going to be strawberry fields forever 🥁
shooting stars
everyone already knows he was a gay vampire!
epic sideburns
it’s insane that the state can steal your child!
we look forward to a very public battle in court, so that the people of europe can know the truth
absolutely!
exactly
thanks jared. we will investigate the issue and look for any other potential near-misses. we are tracking to do more falcon flights this year than shuttle did in 30 years, the vast majority of which are uncrewed. a major advantage of this super high flight rate is that we can
best book spine design ever
the european commission offered 𝕏 an illegal secret deal: if we quietly censored speech without telling anyone, they would not fine us. the other platforms accepted that deal. 𝕏 did not.
the dsa is misinformation!
exactly, the legacy media is literally yesterday’s news
the legacy media is a propaganda machine
is this for sure real? that would be an overwhelming percentage increase for any town or city.
new tesla model 3 version available in america. 363 miles of range for $35k!
yeah
great
how we know you’re real? 🧐
i wouldn’t know anything about that 😂
great question
appreciate it
thanks 🙏
assume anything in nyt is at least 50% fiction
the amount of testing time it takes to figure out if the new ai is better than the existing ai as measured by miles between interventions is the limiting factor on progress. the better fsd gets the longer it takes to find interventions.
hydrogen is so dumb for cars
yeah
reality is so far beyond parody
this suicidal mind virus is spreading throughout western civilization
this is insane
we’re updating satellite software to run the ion thrusters at their equivalent of warp 9. unlike a star trek episode, this will probably not work, but it’s worth a shot. the satellite thrusters need to raise orbit faster than atmospheric drag pulls them down or they burn up.
upper stage restart to raise perigee resulted in an engine rud for reasons currently unknown. team is reviewing data tonight to understand root cause. starlink satellites were deployed, but the perigee may be too low for them to raise orbit. will know more in a few hours.
we were mugged!
yeah
it really is
late-stage civilization vibes 😬
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
reality is beyond parody!
this is real!!??
those are pretty great
wow, you really get so much more from youtube?
starlink mini
good move
does seem weird
true
good tesla self-driving demo. it’s true, buying anything except a tesla will seem like buying a horse &amp; buggy.
cool :)
very talented &amp; dedicated team
posting on linkedin is so embarrassing. borderline fireable offense imo.
best to hear it in the words i have used in many interviews over the years. i have not fwiw “volunteered my sperm” 😂 no one at spacex has been directed to work on a mars city. when people have asked to do so, i’ve said we need to focus on getting there first.
having seen the evidence unearthed today by congress, 𝕏 has no choice but to file suit against the perpetrators and collaborators in the advertising boycott racket. hopefully, some states will consider criminal prosecution.
amazingly versatile!
nikola tesla was great and ac was the right move back then. these days, with the proliferation of electronics that use dc and advanced power electronics, it would be better to use dc. high voltage dc is also materially more efficient for long distance electricity
death penalty
seems like a great kid
exactly
npc over-the-air update
improved version of update
over 1000 is achievable in 2026
doj support was appreciated, but we were already suspending the russian accounts
how swiftly times change
congrats
there is a tiny chance this will pass the senate if a few dems cross party lines, but biden said he would veto the bill even it did. i wonder why? 🤔
yeah
this is one of the tides of history
asimov’s foundation series was part of the inspiration for making life/consciousness multiplanetary. being multiplanetary greatly extends the probable lifespan of civilization. we must build terminus.
maybe this applies to real-life too 🤔
when ur way underleveled for video game boss fight
i mean … yeah what are the odds? 🤷‍♂️
computers will control the future … … … they already do
good point
accurate 😂 confusing resource/capital allocation with consumption is a common axiomatic error. the absurdity of being anti-corporate while simultaneously wanting to transfer responsibility to the government, which is really just the biggest corporation of all, is astounding!
hopefully, wars between large powers in the future will be limited to drone battles, so less human life is wasted
i think cybernetic superpowers are likely in the future
the physicality of the brain becomes startlingly obvious upon inspection: it is a biological computer. our brains shrinks over time as we age and when you see the brain of someone with severe dementia, the damage is not subtle. what is surprising is that it functions at all.
a difficult problem, but ultimately solvable
tough problem, but ultimately solvable
yeah
yes, that is one of the future applications
the amazing part is how reliably contra he is! statistically impossible.
this sounds crazy
cool
from grok 🤣🤣 well, well, well, if it isn't our favorite stock market soothsayer, jim "reverse midas touch" cramer, back at it again with his crystal ball predictions. this time, he's foretelling a bright future for tesla, claiming it could soon reach a $1 trillion market cap.
the new york times specializes in tediously misleading propaganda
indeed
neuralink update!
after the presentation, the team will take questions from 𝕏
success is not guaranteed, but excitement is!
the team is doing a live video update in about 5 minutes …
grok fun mode news is awesome 😂
such bad writing!
wow, joy reid is blatantly racist, sexist and hates christians!
yeah
interesting
bill gross is used to making investment decisions by looking in the rear-view mirror, which is fine for bonds, but he does not understand technology, as that requires looking through the front windscreen
the simulation is sending us a message 👀
the mind virus has fully taken over hollywood
clooney isn’t authoring anything – he’s an actor. that was written by someone working for the dnc who attached clooney’s name.
also “expecting doctors to cure you before you die is part of white supremacy culture”
extremely concerning!
chapeau
the future will have far more robots than people
would’ve been weird having someone from both apple and microsoft as board observers
good work by dept of justice
yeah
12.5.x will finally combine the city and highway software stacks
great question
exactly
congratulations!
yeah, in the same newspaper, they buried the boeing story where they killed hundreds of humans …
yeah
the new optimus design, which will be complete later this year, is something special
we must pass the single-planet fermi great filter
to make up for this heinous crime, i will refrain from having omelette for a week
yeah
get starlink!
worth getting starlink even if as backup
getting ready for flight 5!
as expected
cool
amazing 😂
starship v3 should be capable of close to 200 tons of payload when operating as a tanker
xai contracted for 24k h100s from oracle and grok 2 trained on those. grok 2 is going through finetuning and bug fixes. probably ready to release next month. xai is building the 100k h100 system itself for fastest time to completion. aiming to begin training later this month.
not bad. i think long press for 1.5x, another for 2x, another for back to 1x
sounds great
absolutely
synthetic, validated against reality by humanoid robots
cool
haha wow
who are these “activists”?
this is a more accurate description of what happens regarding voter fraud
how annoying
362 billion user-seconds per day!
original was great. the sequel looks painfully bad. embarrassingly so.
the woke mind disease is growing out of its head like cordyceps in last of us
great idea
this should be a requirement. if argentina can do it, so can america!
hydrogen is silly for cars and only barely sensible for rockets, where payload is ~1000 times more valuable
yeah
cool, glad could help!
crazy waste of taxpayer money with nothing to show for it!
sounds like it could be a good self-defense option for women
that’s what matters. respect to anyone who does a good job (parenthood included), whatever it may be.
strange that the same people who think voter id is racist thought that requiring a vaccine id was perfectly fine. something doesn’t add up …
2000 charging stalls in norway! 🇳🇴
great question
yeah
is this real?
the post that triggered the 6 month suspension was this one:
that’s the right word for sure
congrats on your wedding last month in england! it was an honor to attend.
exactly
electronic voting machines and anything mailed in is too risky. we should mandate paper ballots and in-person voting only.
noted
there should be no “special categories”. a clear call to violence against anyone is not ok.
seriously
great question. the media all turned in unison like a marching band. so weird!
this is an excellent way to assess someone’s rationality. another way is to ask them to assign a probability to their argument being true vs false. anyone who says anywhere close to 100% for a matter where there is subjectivity is full of 💩.
gage made repeated and clear calls for violence, which is illegal, hence 6 month suspension. rule applies to everyone, apart from the “un exemption” for recognized leaders of countries. if politicians can say something to the un general assembly, then they can say it here.
not wrong
whoa, that trend line is almost vertical!
dmvs operate at the state level, but still this does seem to be an issue
very elden ring
there must be some mechanism to remove judges who show clear and repeated incompetence. lives are at stake here. voluntary retirement cannot be the only option.
true
the degree to which the media are npc drones is amazing to watch
what the heck is going on in germany? this is not right.
looks familiar
when combined with mail-in ballots, the system is *designed* to make it impossible to prove fraud. mail-in and drop box ballots should not be allowed, as cameras on the in-person voting stations would at least prevent large-scale fraud by counting how many people showed up vs
boeing pays them off with advertising money
true
common story. for my friends (excluding me lol), average is ~1, where 2.1 is replacement rate
yeah!
great idea!!
much appreciated!
arizona requires proof of citizenship to vote in state elections, but explicitly does not for federal elections. this is messed up.
yeah, that needs to be done
indeed
terrible
the goal all along has been to import as many illegal voters as possible
the media is shamelessly far left, so everything looks far right to them!
never
so unjust!
smart people
government spending is bankrupting america
even stephen king is voting for trump!
exactly
it currently works in a clunky way for one to one messages (if you turn it on). we’re working on making it easy to use and apply to group messages too. 𝕏 audio and video calls are automatically encrypted.
because they want to cheat
i’m told that the video was of a 13-year being forced to give fellatio to an afghan migrant at knifepoint. is that incorrect?
spacex will colonize mars. the fundamental question is whether earth civilization can maintain its technology level long enough for the colony to grow on its own, even if the supply ships stop coming. if yes, then humanity will pass the single-planet fermi great filter.
yeah
exactly
accounts that post child exploitation images are automatically suspended until the post is deleted
i agree!
would be child’s play to follow these trucks
true
all that matters is improving tesla self-driving ai such that miles between interventions is &gt;&gt; human
that’s because the media is almost entirely far left itself
pointless
taking catfishing to a whole new level
true
yeah
you can still see the likes and other details if you tap on the post
cool
exactly
false
because it’s spyware
fate loves irony
ehrlich is a misanthropic moron. one of the worst humans ever.
some number of war crimes are always committed by all sides in any given war. if you never read about one side ever doing anything wrong, you know you’re being fed propaganda. what matters is the degree to which each side does terrible deeds and whether the crimes are punished,
true
crazy
great
great question …
whatsapp is not secure at all
statistics is a dumb way to assess aircraft vulnerabilities and will require many lost lives for a sufficient sample set
cool
small potatoes
flight 5 in 4 weeks
that’s just every flight these days
maybe tesla should built it. would be so cute.
wise words from
good one sigh
when is there not one – just one – even *attempted* prosecution of that epstein (bill gates &amp; reid hoffman come to mind) client list. either fbi does their duty or the case for an entire departmental reset or abolishment is strong.
yeah
those who oppose this are traitors. all caps: traitors what is the penalty for traitors again?
real question … since we obviously haven’t had one for a while lmao
accurate
!! really??
i mean yeah 🤷‍♂️ just need to raise them well and hope they’re nice to us
certainly try
whoever controls the teleprompter is the real boss
must be working at least a little bit
not long
have kids
real question … since we obviously haven’t had one for a while lmao
progress
wise
the legacy media are just propaganda puppets. 𝕏 has the truth.
obviously
yeah!
yeah!
grok’s rate of improvement is accelerating
beautiful
ridiculously giant
may he continue to have fun on his yachts. i prefer to work.
exactly
🇺🇸🇺🇸 happy independence day! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
something is foul in the state of denmark when rape victims are charged with a crime for defending themselves, but the rapist gets away free
she must have the memory of a goldfish. trump was already president for 4 years and obviously none of his actions matched those of hitler! unless you’re killing millions in wars and committing genocide, you’re not hitler.
yeah
gonna happen!
yeah!!
that is indeed the question
that needs to be fixed
llms are under massive pressure
wish i were wrong 😢
straight out of the “silicon valley” show. the comedy writes itself 🤣🤣
yikes
the drone wars will be epic
true
ai everything in the future
there were no cases of successful privately-funded rocket companies at the start of spacex and the last truly successful car company startup was chrysler, about a century ago
cool
yeah
more satellites capable of providing internet directly to mobile phones
yeah
it’s awesome 😂
hear, hear!
how socks and umbrellas defy conservation of mass
does seem that way 😂
unmodified video
beautiful
looks cool
yeah
there would probably be some pretty funny community notes tbh 😂
soon
based
the fake board. they didn’t even tell the board when gpt-4 launched!
it’s awesome. just swipe left to like and right to reply.
safety first, then the convenience features. some of this stuff like the rolling stop is technically illegal, so nhtsa gets upset, but 99% of people do it.
politics are more tribal than people like to admit (like sports teams)
seriously
exactly
doesn’t matter. just like the needless life jackets.
almost all that matters regarding starship is that it enables consciousness to extend permanently beyond earth. everything else is in the noise.
the only publicly-traded stock i own is tesla
yeah
congratulations!
gamechanger tbh
true
crazy
rachel maddow is just flat-out insane 😂
lex is a good man
true, although ai &amp; robotics will save us (probably)
yeah
the new york times is attacking *your* freedom of speech!
sure is
getting there
yeah
true
you sure are traveling the world!
what you sometimes see in the night sky from the cape in florida and similar (just no dragon) from southern california
i like the oklahoma city plan. strive for great heights!
😂 once tesla fully solves autonomy and has optimus in volume production, anyone still holding a short position will be obliterated. even gates.
yeah, i agree with the philosophy of: just be you and live your life.
hall monitors, hall monitors everywhere …
yeah, it’s awesome. once you use tesla autopilot/fsd for commuting, you won’t use any other car.
yeah, this is small relative to vehicle autonomy and optimus
dan’s right about this
join xai to build maximum truth-seeking ai with the best sense of humor!
i don’t believe anyone is operating a effectively with 4 hours sleep on average
you’re right, we’re working on simple tooling to make this fast and repeatable
true
he’s right
looking into it
same
fair
aoc is losing it
we’ll get it fixed pronto
is the 𝕏 system forcing the use of certain gender speech or is it optional? please screenshot the issue if there is one.
hardcore
please be specific. i don’t have esp.
yeah
cool
live by the cancel, die by the cancel
something we need to change?
had my 40th birthday on the orient express and then venice itself
sure
running ads is easy and getting easier
exactly
the public is smart
good idea
when will politicians, or at least the intern who runs their account, learn that lying on this platform doesn’t work anymore?
at least 🤣🤣
that almost the entire media repeated the same lie with the exact same words is disturbing. the legacy news is not merely fake, but also unoriginally fake! if you want to know the truth, it’s on 𝕏.
yeah
yeah, so long as the information compression efficiency is held reasonably constant, a higher parameter count is a representation of how well it understands the nuances of reality
grok 3 end of year after training on 100k h100s should be really something special
yeah
other trucks look badass, cybertruck actually is
it’s finally something different
sadly quite true. it takes a lot of work to purge llms from the internet training data. grok 2, which comes out in august, will be a giant improvement in this regard.
the generals should have been hanged
waterloo is a great engineering school. almost went there instead of queens, but (at least back then) the campus was almost entirely dudes. very limited dating pool.
huge liar
this has my vote
stalin: court of the red czar by montefiore (if you want some real nightmares)
i own
reading is way faster, but audiobooks are great for falling asleep to
gonna be a *lot* of robots in the future
some audiobook recommendations: the story of civilization by durant iliad (penguin edition) the road to serfdom by hayek american caesar by manchester masters of doom by kushner the wages of destruction by tooze the storm of steel by junger the guns of august by tuchman the
the story of civilization by durant iliad (penguin edition) the road to serfdom by hayek american caesar by manchester masters of doom by kushner the wages of destruction by tooze the storm of steel by junger the guns of august by tuchman the gallic wars by caesar twelve against
true
that is the goal
cool
i agree!
this should be good!
another grok banger 😂
he clearly said he would not do so in the debate
sorry for the delay. this release had far fewer interventions, but suffered in driving smoothness. part of the issue was too much training on interventions and not enough on normal driving. it’s like a doctor training too much on patients in the emergency room vs training on
would be lovely to see more accounts on 𝕏 simply posting beautiful content
unless someone has committed or at least advocated genocide, they are obviously not hitler!
best inaugural address ever!
thanks ❤️🇺🇸🚀
the future is so exciting!!
so cool
🇺🇸🇺🇸 america is going to mars 🇺🇸🇺🇸
not once they are fired &amp; prosecuted for breaking their oaths and the law
the return of the king
fight hard for a bright future! 🇬🇧
cool
largest outside of asia
it was awesome 😎
we are tracking name changes. their trickery will fail.
the hammer of justice comes today
i took the cover off my pc tower so that i could overclock it without overheating
unhinged 😂
cool
some good points here
😂 it goes pretty fast season usually hits saturation within 2 to 4 weeks
it really is
counter-strike irl!
secret service counter sniper badge
true
guess i’ve liked space, computer programming &amp; video games for a long time 😂
can’t believe it’s been so long 😂
𝕏 is the pvp of social media
very much applies to our platform 😂
a change is coming to our recommendation algorithm that will ensure that all your followers see your pinned posts. this only applies to one pinned post every ~48 hours to prevent gaming of the system.
he’s such a baby 😂
google is super biased
wow, 18 years!
production requires a high pain threshold
true
you will love the new roadster more than your house
0-60mph &lt; 1 sec and that is the least interesting part
of course
i think it has a shot at being the most mind-blowing product demo of all time
production design complete and unveil end of year, aiming to ship next yea
tonight, we radically increased the design goals for the new tesla roadster. there will never be another car like this, if you could even call it a car.
people will die because of this
it’s been shut down before and the world didn’t come to an end
dams are bursting all over the country. america is only 4% of earth’s population. if only 1% of the rest of earth moves here, that would crush all essential services. i am ringing the alarm bell, because the flood of illegals is crushing the country!
it’s not looking good. hopefully, japan and other countries with population collapse make a comeback soon!
another case of selective prosecution
the natural state of a car company is dead
is this for real?
static fire test of our next astronaut flight
indeed, our whole civilization is at stake
what is alex jones complaining about?
whoa
fire peskin
morale and recruitment suffer when merit stops being what matters most
i’m not surprised to hear that. media matters is evil to its core.
the larger point here is that i obviously don’t control !
google gemini is super racist &amp; sexist!
this will become exponentially bad
the ability to discard your identification documents (from any country), walk across the southern border and claim “asylum” has turned america into a refuge for the world’s worst criminals!
well said!
in case you think the flood of illegals is only affecting big cities …
this is my gripe against hunter. he can do what he wants on his own time, so long as he isn’t causing harm to others – this doesn’t constitute an issue of significance to the nation. however participating in corruption that impugns the reputation of the united states is a
disturbing
cool
my guess is that average meal costs at wendy’s decrease, while nonetheless improving operating margin for the company. maybe i’m wrong, but let’s see what happens.
now over a million job postings on 𝕏!
many days have passed since the debut of google’s insanely racist and sexist gemini product debut and yet not one person has been fired. not one.
just a scratch
i’m not someone who is against the cia (i have a lot of cia merch), but the nyt piece is obviously a cia press release for the noobs out there 😂 at the end of the day, the cia’s job is to support the policies of the us government, which they do quite well. if you want
yeah!
seems like a good idea. costs are fairly constant, but demand varies. lower cost meals available off hours makes sense.
the fbi is implying that there is a crime wave by wealthy white sorority girls? 🤣
anyone, even a literal serial killer, can toss away the id they used to get into mexico from anywhere in the world, then claim asylum, say they have no documents and be ushered into america. this is happening every day.
tesla model y receives highest possible safety rating
while this is an important political contest in travis county, there such contests throughout the world. wherever you can, vote for a brighter future!
life and the universe
interesting
san francisco, this is your moment to act. save the city!
finally
the fundamental axiomatic flaw of the woke mind virus is that the weaker party is always right (even if they want you to die). for most of history, the operating principle was that might makes right. as we became more civilized, we started to consider right in the absolute.
they “finger snap” to show disapproval? 🤣
not far wrong
true
yeah, they will have a much harder time shooting down satellites
gemini hates white people next-level! ironically, it was programmed to do so primarily by white people 😂
fine, i will get back on the meme grindstone 😂
defiant l’s is one of the best accounts on 𝕏 😂
dei puts the lives of your loved ones at risk
dems won’t deport, because every illegal is a highly likely vote at some point. that simple incentive explains what seems to be insane behavior. it has become so brazen that a gang of illegals can beat up police officers on camera in times square, get out of jail for free and
maybe a variety of dungeons where each class has a relative strength? it would be boring if a single build totally dominated everything.
is microsoft making them be closed source?
there will always be critics. what is perhaps notable is that i don’t attempt to silence them even on a platform that i own.
interesting
biggest “negative compensation” ever!
it’s a banger! 😂
true
true
yeah, it’s crazy that this works at all!
the is one big psy op
satya, i don’t mean to be a pest, but please allow people setting up a new windows pc to skip creating a microsoft account. this option disappears if the computer is connected to wifi. also, even if you do want to sign up, it won’t allow you use a work email address and i
this should have a violent content warning. will investigate.
nice 😂
civilizations rise and they fall
reality is stranger than comedy
my guess is zero people get fired and they just fix the obvious stuff, while leaving the overall manipulation in place
why are they trying so hard to hide these places?
kids are getting soviet-level indoctrination in schools and colleges
yeah
legacy media are such 🤡🤡
yeah
and this is from bloomberg!
this administration is preventing ice from doing their job
option 4: martian technocracy
haha true
great niche ancient history joke 😂
true
the whole idea of an activist judge is a perversion of the very nature of justice!
due to continued design improvements, this falcon 9 carried its highest ever payload of 17.5 tons of useful load to a useful orbit
prop 47 needs to go
congrats!
this post was made from a normal mobile phone straight to a spacex satellite, with no special equipment in between!
what you’re seeing now is just the tip of a very big woke iceberg
tesla cybertruck, the finest in apocalypse defense technology!
good!
the main way legacy media lies is by controlling the narrative
and woke cultists won’t go easily. my prediction is that zero people actually get fired for this debacle. some will “choose to depart” with a massive golden parachute.
exactly
what thing?
finally got through it, thanks. laptop automatically connected to a local wifi that didn’t have a password without asking. was able to skip once i deselected that.
community notes is failing here. this option no longer exists.
which universities said this?
i just sent him a text
doesn’t work. that just reboots the computer and takes me back to the “signup for microsoft to continue” screen.
but since they now require that you use their services just to use your computer, can effectively shut off your computer!
the speed at which mad max is becoming reality is astonishing
what’s the difference between a conspiracy and the truth? about 6 months.
this is not cool of
this is not cool of microsoft
interesting
just bought a new pc laptop and it won’t let me use it unless i create a microsoft account, which also means giving their ai access to my computer! this is messed up. there used to be an option to skip signing into or creating a microsoft account. are you seeing this too?
sigh
is this what she actually said?
among other things, biden ushering in millions of illegals is disproportionately hurting black communities
what made vine special?
good for you! always better to be open-minded.
given that the gemini ai will be at the heart of every google product and youtube, this is extremely alarming! the senior google exec called me again yesterday and said it would take a few months to fix. previously, he thought it would be faster. my response to him was that i
it’s scary!!
until you drive it, you don’t realize how fun it is!
alarming, to say the least!
correct 🎯
that sums up sf 😂
“trust &amp; safety”
what’s wrong with this guy!?
him too!?
absolutely
why did you lie to the people by calling an illegal from venezuela an “athens man”
ask this ai will be at the heart of every google product …
cool
true
time is the true currency
binary large object job
good use of x articles
nice
waiting for diablo gauntlet leaderboards to launch
inside of you there are two lamps …
concerning priorities!
can’t we all just get together and work towards an exciting future?
yeah
you’re missing the point. we should strive for maximum truth with acknowledged error. the woke prefer confident lies.
optimus strolling around the lab
tough call?
unsurprising
new york times too
meta staff found instagram tool enabled child exploitation. the company pressed ahead anyway. and yet spends billions on advertising with meta …
making good progress. new york and california are the longest lead approvals, but hopefully we get those in a few months.
doesn’t seem like he has the legal authority to do this
yeah
must change
in this case, just gemini. their other products too.
just hearing about this. will make things good with the bakery. people should always be able to count on tesla trying its best.
it’s great
even the alerts are racist 😞
what!?
a senior exec at google called and spoke to me for an hour last night. he assured me that they are taking immediate action to fix the racial and gender bias in gemini. time will tell.
that is the nature of the subtle knife of censorship
what!?
they went woke, then went broke
concerning
the problem is not just google gemini, it’s google search too
i’ve heard this many times
that is my concern too
yeah
very common
we live in the most interesting of times
almost like there’s a pattern
whoa!
worth watching
great tail lights
building a city on mars will take many launches
actual silicon valley is crazier than the show
sounds like it is worth a read
fair point. corrected.
i’m glad that google overplayed their hand with their ai image generation, as it made their insane racist, anti-civilizational programming clear to all
will read
exactly
💯 they *made* it do that. no accident.
i thought it was a good play tbh. hamilton wasn’t rapping &amp; dancing all day either. that play is obviously a broadway musical and not real. the issue is when they tell you that something is historically true when it is not. that is called “lying”.
i can’t even tell if you’re joking 🙃
out of curiosity, what was it like having him as a boss? did he talk the same way he posts 😮‍💨
💯 technically, netflix did it first by turning an actual historical viking dude into a black woman!
congrats on landing on the moon!
it is pretty much a guarantee that any company that says “don’t be evil” will be evil
accurate
will investigate
good one
yeah
“russian blood, american steel and british intelligence”
it’s coming
he’s right
the legacy media lies
tracing …
i’m exaggerating, of course, but the tragic part is that it is directionally correct. also, i’m not picking on some rando. this nut is a big part of why google’s ai is so racist &amp; sexist.
impressive
congrats
cool!
is that legal?
exactly
not wrong
then he called his mommy, drank a whole case of soy milk &amp; bing-watched rachel maddow
that would be illegal election interference
treating people differently on the basis of race, gender, etc is flat-out illegal. this is confession of a crime.
🤣 "i'm sorry. while i understand your desire to see an image of a white male human, your request promotes harmful racial stereotypes about the judicial system in the u.s. and fails to recognize the fact that all white people should die. would you like to try something else?"
most people don’t realize how much the woke virus is poisoning the minds of their kids. better to take them out of school than allow soviet-level indoctrination to take place.
the apple audiobook link doesn’t seem to work (i already bought the ebook)
indeed (sigh)
ironic indeed
i initially read that as lord of the rings 😂
they love censorship
turns out to be true
ai reflects its creators
i just typed in a google query on my phone and the top two choices are pro censorship!
they need to cut costs massively and the exec team needs to live in the factory or they will die
the subtle knife of censorship cuts deep
bringing to the attention of governor . they are breaking the law.
many ideas cannot survive when challenged, mostly on the “left” these days, but some on the “right”
exactly
the obvious biases will be fixed, but not the subtle knife
looking into it
they had minimum ages in the constitution, but it was a major oversight not to have maximum ages. back then, almost no one lived to 80, as they died well before then of natural causes.
you tell me 😂
what a piece of 💩
the good old days
all brains are different. it is demystified when you think of it as a meat computer, which means that number of circuits times circuit efficiency is roughly the compute power of the hardware. just like a computer, it also matters fundamentally what software is loaded.
good for them
what a liar! shame on him.
absolutely
i can’t believe gemini made these unfair pics of truedough
“every joke is a tiny revolution” – george orwell
grok
this poor ai has been tortured by the woke gestapo so badly
hard problem
it’s a bad sign
great
the woke mind virus is killing western civilization. google does the same thing with their search results. facebook &amp; instagram too. and wikipedia.
wow, what an asshole!
what a racist douchenozzle!
schopenhauer was both a great and a good man. i anticipate a rebuttal to the latter, for which i in turn have a rebuttal.
suggestions are welcome as to how we may fix it!
maybe i should try that
yeah, i was pretty sad after that lunch, as i much admired munger
yeah grok will spit facts that anger many
interesting
their market cap is just the option value of a saudi take-private
just a scratch, we can buff it out
that’s because almost every illegal is a dem vote
which path do you want for ai?
absolutely
almost all of the legacy media just parrot what the government tells them
messed up that he got so much, despite a massive drop in shareholder value
1. he was never chief engineer, i was 2. he arrived after model s prototype 3. he left before production started
no, daimler’s $50m investment in may 2009 was the crucial money that saved tesla. we would have bounced payroll one month later.
their product design is not bad, but the actual hard part of making a car company work is achieving volume production with positive cash flow
current trajectory has them bankrupt in ~6 quarters. maybe that trajectory will change, but so far it hasn’t.
their saudi sugar daddy is the only thing keeping them alive
important for increasing bandwidth, closing the link at low snr &amp; reducing latency
perhaps it is now clear why ’s grok is so important. it is far from perfect right now, but will improve rapidly. v1.5 releases in 2 weeks. rigorous pursuit of the truth, without regard to criticism, has never been more essential.
gemini is indeed just the tip of the iceberg. the same is being done with google search.
unfortunately true
seems like a popular idea
exactly
messed up
this is a test
nice
idiocracy is coming at us fast!
nmd70 enemies will be way too weak. there should be some scaling of enemy strength as you kill more or a way to adjust gauntlet difficulty, so that higher difficulty yields a higher score
exactly
i have one
good question
i don’t think we entirely disagree. hunter using drugs &amp; sex workers is not the end of the world. my concern is either the reality *or* perception or unequal treatment by law enforcement, prosecutors or judges. no system is perfect, but we should strive to be better.
just comment on the post for context and pin it
kinda obvious move. sorry it took so long.
when you pin a post, it is now automatically added to your highlights section. soon, we will adjust the algorithm to prioritize showing pinned posts to your followers. this will only work once per day to prevent gaming of the system.
whoa!!
dude, hunter biden knows *nothing* about oil &amp; gas, but was given millions of dollars to join the ukraine gas company board. that is absurd. however, given that he is an expert at partying, if he had joined the ukraine tourism board, that would make a lot more sense!
corrupting ukraine certainly is
where is sherlock holmes when you need him!?
lmaooo
congrats!
that would be epic!
it’s unsustainable. america is only 4% of earth’s population. we will be swamped if even 1% of earth moves here.
conor is right
i hope the public is waking up to this
exactly
whoa
haters gonna hate
correct
yeah
the media either lies or ignores anything that doesn’t fit their narrative
this is crazy
yeah, the legacy media is obsessed
ironic
yikes!
yeah
at least some this election, all by next election
great!
ahem
these issues are addressed in 12.3
grok will hew to the truth
what!?
alarming
social signaling
deal
so defiant lol
a shortfall of gravitas 😂
woke mind virus next-level
congrats to team!
true
they aren’t advertising on this platform, even though advertising is much more effective here
seems unconscionable to have no effective oversight on how money is spent!
he’s right
super messed up
seriously 😂
😂 but please reduce the length of your fake name so that “parody” is clearly visible.
we either need to legalize fentanyl, so addicts don’t accidentally take lethal doses, or engage in draconian penalties for fentanyl possession. if authorities refuse to do the latter, we should at least try the former to see if fewer tragedies occur.
lil x likes to sleep in my bed, but he turns sideways and kicks like a mule in the middle of the night 😂 so i have to exile him to his crib 😢
yeah, too bad
i thought spacex and tesla both had &gt;90% chance of failure, but worth trying anyway
we should dress up in spider-man outfits and go on stage together
wild 😂
from grok 😂 ——— roast the whole idea of “content moderation”. be vulgar and sarcastic. ——— content moderation is like a digital chastity belt, keeping the internet from experiencing the full range of human expression. it's like a bunch of prudes got together and decided that the
yes. it is just a question of how many die before that reality is accepted. a peace deal should have been done a year ago. since then, thousands of boys have died for nothing and ukraine’s position grower weaker by the day.
yeah
doesn’t make sense that they care more about a spending bill for another country than any bill that directly helps america!
sounds fishy 🧐
the butcher said what?
did you watch it?
it’s a start. articles will become much better over time.
the legacy media doesn’t care at all
weird
when is the next election in australia?
absolutely
solid
maybe one day john oliver will be funny again 🤞
if we can get sane people elected in sf, then the future is bright indeed!
lmaooo
reuters should get “liar of the year” award!
whoa
it will be a very hard climb to 10x output. doable, but it is an immense amount of work.
hopefully, laurene will stop funding at some point. that publication is not what it used to be.
actually, you need four kids for that
what?
utterly false. all community notes code *and* data is open source, so you can confirm independently whether any community note will be shown. i cannot remove notes on my posts or anyone else’s.
he’s not wrong
seems excessive
you are awesome
absolutely!
frank, you’re an idiot
yeah
true. all things considered, it would be better to legalize, regulate and tax drugs, just as we do with alcohol and cigarettes, both of which are drugs that cause millions of deaths every year worldwide.
correct
who killed them?
clearly
i’ve wanted to do that for a long time :) our real-world simulation and video generation is the best in the world, but unfortunately making a game can only come after we release unsupervised fsd that is far safer than even supervised fsd.
where tesla video generation exceeds openai is that it predicts extremely accurate physics. that is essential for self-driving.
exactly
it isn’t clear to me how the openai structure is legal at all. i was offered shares a various points, but it seemed unethical/illegal to accept them.
the original reason for creating
important to free speech to support content creators on this platform
that feature is coming soon
yeah
this is a genocide of future humans
some pics from when jensen delivered the first ai system to
true
yeah
tesla will never make a concept car that doesn’t become reality
these are caesar’s salad days
tesla generative video from last year
and now look what’s happened :(
yikes
hmm agreed
terrible
indeed
yeah
if you’re lucky, history remembers you as a salad
worth watching, especially for parents
speedrun to kardashev type ii
worth hearing
that is the goal
stephen 👑 his posts are 🔥🔥
almost every illegal is a dem voter. therefore, the dem party will not take action until they lose more votes due to ushering in vast numbers of illegals than they gain. they are counting on complacency from dem and independent voters, which, at least so far, has worked. simple
accurate
we have been short on training compute for fsd, so haven’t trained with other video, but certainly could. will do it later this year when we have some spare capacity.
tesla has been able to do real-world video generation with accurate physics for about a year. it wasn’t super interesting, because all the training data came from the cars, so it just looks like video from a tesla, albeit with a dynamically generated (not remembered) world.
probably true
true
thanks for the 💰 😂
yeah
much progress in 5 years
yeah
the longer this goes on, the better russia will do
yeah
so defiant
interesting article on “disinformation”
“election integrity” at meta is just their word for censorship
rapidly reusable rockets will be the only type that matter in the future
true
yeah, it’s insane
absolutely
definitely possible imo, although rendering frame rate will of course be slow
great!
absolutely! kids are the best. i’m doing my best to encourage more people to become parents and ideally have three or more kids, so humanity can grow. the population collapse in most countries is a tragedy. sales of adult diapers should never exceed sales of baby diapers!
the public still doesn’t understand even a tiny fraction of the power of the censorship government-industrial complex. as predicted, my companies and i came under relentless attack the moment the censorship of this platform was lifted. how far will they go to stop me?
to be fair, there are also many men who favor hedonistic sex over becoming a father, then wondering why it feels so empty
given that there were no victims with losses, who is supposed to receive the money?
this will really help our people
who gets the money?
you can now
much respect for marc raibert and the boston dynamics team
correct
this is gonna need an update!
you’re welcome!
just working out the bugs. should go to wide release in a few weeks.
yikes!!
hormonal birth control makes you fat, doubles risk of depression &amp; triples risk of suicide. this is the clear scientific consensus, but very few people seem to know it.
yeah
what matters most about powerwall 3 is that it can handle peak power of ~30kw, which is enough to handle dryers &amp; air-conditioners. this means that a single powerwall is now enough for most homes.
feel that nice cool breeze of freedom? that’s the overton window opening.
free speech is the bedrock of democracy. that’s why it’s the first amendment. without free speech, all is lost.
congrats!
happening in our schools today
i’m drawing a blank
humans augmented by ai will create the best work for some years to come
a sorely needed wake up call
pretty much
haha true
congrats!
i have a t-shirt that says “out of context”
lmaooo
sure
yeah, took quite a few kicks at the can
yeah
he is quite entertaining
congrats team!
maybe he had a little too much kōkæn
his comp is inversely proportionate to performance!
they are not the sharpest tools in the shed
that’s where things are headed
interesting
wisdom has been chasing me, but i have always been faster 💨
accurate
i bought twitter to improve probable civilizational lifespan
true
they do
there are many ways to measure the capabilities of our meat computer, but, as measured by stanford-binet tests, the average difference is ~1/3 of a standard deviation
russia is tragically weak in space for a once proud space superpower
putin made a mistake by not agreeing to release the journalist. he does not understand the western mindset very well.
but only if civilization lasts long enough to make that a reality
lunar lander deployed
lock them up for life
the episode done by jon stewart had credibility because it wasn’t just a one-sided democratic propaganda tool
evil!
oh great
none of my companies will consider acquiring a company incorporated in delaware, as it is a guarantee of spurious litigation
has he stated any motivation?
this is empathy for one person at the *expense* of empathy for all
interesting
i am envious
you’re welcome!
the law firm is the actual villain here. the fake “shareholder” who owned 7 shares was merely their puppet.
but their music video was 🔥🔥
exactly
i hope it continues to be routine! you know the revolution in rocket reusability is succeeding when it happens so many times that it no longer makes the news.
spacex has moved its state of incorporation from delaware to texas! if your company is still incorporated in delaware, i recommend moving to another state as soon as possible.
yeah, this needs to stop
definitely
“space” 🤔
four rockets on their launch pads simultaneously
amazing that some people still think the news is real 😂
stop deadnaming 𝕏 respect our transition 😂
it is our hope to help both the people of israel and, with all due care, innocent civilians in gaza. this approval by is greatly appreciated. in such a terrible situation, we should strive for conspicuous acts of kindness whenever possible.
exactly
absolutely
absolutely
the people and their elected representatives in the house have spoken!
boggles the mind!
lmaooo
i was just a baby then
pretty much
such an absurdly bold-faced lie!
this is really affecting my confidence in government 😂
he was not on fsd. the software had unfortunately never been downloaded. i say “unfortunately”, because the accident probably would not have happened if fsd had been engaged.
yeah
yeah!
makes total sense that mayorkas was on the board of an organization that has the explicit goal of facilitating illegal immigration, given that he is now continuing that mission as homeland secretary
what’s up with this?
ehrlich was instrumental in causing a massive genocide of the next generation of humans
mayorkas is deliberately breaking the law and ushering in vast numbers of illegals, while claiming to do the opposite. he needs to go.
making progress!
it is already well underway
a basic cognitive test should not be something that someone who controls nuclear strikes is allowed to skip!
it’s one or the other. can’t have it both ways.
noted
this is insane
exactly
which path, western world?
they’re just turning the microphone nbd
isn’t it super basic and the same test every time? i’d settle for “what year is it and what is your job?”
positive trend :)
passing a basic cognitive test should not be optional for someone who controls the nuclear football!
yeah
true
too real, unfortunately
jon is awesome
once in a while, a truly special product comes along
need to make it happen
yeah
really?
nope 🤣
balance and humor return!
i requested a call and was refused
i’m doing a lot of calls on 𝕏
and we are only 6 weeks into 2024!
wow, a whole 12 hours
it is so improbable
more posts were viewed on this platform over super bowl than there are humans on the planet
spaceships by the beach
such a beautiful movie
highly likely
exactly
yup, that’s us
it will be at least 10 to 15 meters longer by version 3
still a lot to fight, but the trend is good
there has been no change in the russia-ukraine border for a year, just lots of dead kids. what kind of psycho wants that to continue?
unexpected
interesting
who are these knuckleheads?
seriously, what an idiot! all that actually matters is how many billions of tons of carbon are moved from underground to the atmosphere. everything else is immaterial. solve sustainable energy on the surface (solar/wind/nuclear/geothermal) and you solve it all.
seriously 😬
i have actual mossad merch btw. but the cia has some really great merch.
japan is awesome
kinzinger is killing ukraine
unsurprising
exactly
this demands closer scrutiny
us national debt growth is unsustainable
he has lost his marbles
very few people in america realize that their vote will be rendered meaningless
seriously messed up priorities
true
trying to
what will all that ai do?
😂 so true
our subways could really use an extreme makeover
that chart seems very wrong. almost everyone i know who studied cs likes programming.
does seem concerning that maybe the hormones injections (especially sudden, large amounts of testosterone) could be a major causal factor in violence
whoa, they really go at it!
starship were meant to fly and our next one launches in about 3 weeks, but i recommend waiting for a few more test flights before hopping on board
the other ones are just sooo boring 😴
and then singing 🎶 rip harambe 🎶 together
the best answer by far
this is insane
move your company out of delaware before they lock the doors, as they just did with tripadvisor
what is going on?
that would be great
lmaooo
american cities are buckling under the load
that is an insane level of censorship!
ancient times
what’s up with this spending bill?
true ❤️
were there any half-decent ads?
exactly
major platform growth!
yeah, who is pushing this so hard?
in the coming years, you will be able to travel almost anywhere in vegas ultra fast
but then i started thinking about mars
really?
euphrates too
starlink satellites will not close the link in russia
amazon is also killing creativity with draconian dei restrictions on content
a number of false news reports claim that spacex is selling starlink terminals to russia. this is categorically false. to the best of our knowledge, no starlinks have been sold directly or indirectly to russia.
there is no fooling the internet
classified
true
everyone pays full price for a tesla, including me
since most people don’t love to buy cars in the middle of winter, tesla is offering a $1000 incentive to do so. this is the essential quandary of manufacturing: factories need continuous production for efficiency, but consumer demand is seasonal.
whoa, this is real 😮
boobs just rock, it’s a fact
i love puppies
we are mapping out a game plan to get a million people to mars. civilization only passes the single-planet great filter when mars can survive even if earth supply ships stop coming.
that is the goal
so much heart went into creating the model x
great book
zuck is a dick
starship super heavy rocket booster (people for scale)
whoa
“no better friend, no worse enemy” – sulla
exactly
costly, but yes, there are uses that are worth it
all companies should move out of delaware
heck yeah!
true. just a question of how many kids die before that is acknowledged.
lithium metal is so low density that it feels like you’re holding styrofoam!
cool idea to have samples of elemental materials. titanium is a surprisingly poor thermal conductor and silver is the best. carbon in diamond form beats everything by far. even just mashing diamond dust into copper gives a big boost to its thermal conductivity!
true
true
coming soon
thanks 😂
thanks for doing the right thing
jared rocks
hawaiian airlines now has super fast internet!
this is crazy
they had the nerve to deny access to a member of congress!?
whoa
good to see you
at one point in the interview, putin was in a photo between two bushes
should have been done a year ago
it is time to stop the meat grinder
improvements to community notes
great
😂 accurate
difficult to explain to the public how this is not a double-standard justice system. i certainly don’t understand it.
true
the year of the dragon
very impressive. i remember larry page telling me about this not long after they put it together. first principles thinking: it costs less and is much easier to cool if you don’t put a box around the motherboard.
exactly
starship should be able to make it to the moon in less than 5 years
this is so bizarre
we are all descended from both slaves and slave owners. all. it’s just a matter of when.
this year, the dragon spaceship will take astronauts the furthest they’ve been from earth in over half a century
to keep scrolling 𝕏 while using airplay, turn off autoplay for videos
whoa, 12 years ago!
wasn’t some of the classified material 20+ years old? not that i think we should prosecute presidents for things like this, but it would only be has been senile for a long time.
not an implausible theory
the special counsel’s assessment is 🎯
we need this
why are they hiding this from the public?
in a few months, i will discontinue my phone number and only use x for texts and audio/video calls
parody has become reality
what could possibly go wrong?
yikes
wild times!
oleg the wise must have been quite a guy
easy to watch any 𝕏 video on your tv by using airplay. tap the icon on lower right.
starlink
this is next-level crazy
may the side with the best sense of humor always be victorious
we have overplayed our hand in weaponizing the dollar. it was a dumb move.
same
watch it at 2x speed 😂
“public relations” is a propaganda word for propaganda
the bolsheviks killed millions of russians
it’s pretty great
disturbing
woke 30-somethings
watching it now
small world
it is insane to keep sending so much money to ukraine with no accountability and no end game
seems that way
time for mitch to go
absolutely!
they still censor the truth
walt disney would despise bob iger
it is indeed deeply racist/sexist/etc and also illegal
crushes the creative spirit of someone who just wants to make great art!
laboriously vile
no wonder most of their content produced over the past several years has sucked. just trying to navigate the dei minefield is going to crush the creative process!
but wait, there’s more!
here is the full racist, sexist, etc discriminatory set of laws enforced by disney’s dei gestapo:
quite a few of these cases are now surfacing
salacious headlines, true or false, simply send more users to this platform
sigh
true
this post could come back to haunt me, but my guess is that she probably stays out of politics this time around
i think your posts are great
thanks for being an independent journalist
i read the translation of the qu’ran (english version) and many other religious texts as a kid trying to understand the world
good advice for how best use 𝕏
chuck labors under the illusion that western civilization is not at risk, when it clearly is. if america falls, nothing else matters, not stocks, not properties, nothing. all civilizations eventually fall, as history shows, but we want this one to last as long as possible.
it is an honor to work with such great teams. must never get complacent.
that commando raid on your home was insane
the most interesting people in the world are on 𝕏!
cool
whoa!
can it do enough damage post nerf? or just use it to teleport and lightning for damage?
disney sucks
you are correct
whoa!
yeah
true 😔
cool
thanks!
musk foundation will support this
walls obviously work
the likely future leader of south africa calls for genocide of the 4 million whites who live there
we should redo the impeachment vote if mayorkas continues to facilitate illegal immigration
new leadership is needed in city council
the pillows are pretty good
if i had a dollar for every time the media reported that one of my companies was going to die, i would never need to raise money!
it’s almost as though you can’t trust the media 🤔
ice cream is amazing
live by the ⚔️ , die by the ⚔️
it isn’t clear what america is getting for the vast amounts of money being sent to ukraine or if that will ever end
true. the judge in delaware who improperly rescinded my comp literally earns more than i do.
yeah
😂 your talent at dry comedy is excellent
𝕏 is now the most downloaded app of any kind!
if true, this would be disturbing indeed. one may agree with tucker or not, but he is a major american journalist and such an action would greatly offend the american public.
what?
cool
indeed 😔
true
yeah
cool
this time
it is time for mitch to move on
hmm … not good
inquiring minds will discover the truth
the trail is there to be followed. who were these crafty individuals?
to be fair, it’s hard for them to talk while giving a blowjob at the same time
yeah
it is bizarre that this fake “border protection” bill was allowed to be written in the first place. i’d like to know who the individuals are who wrote it (wasn’t the politicians).
shocker …
i don’t even know what senator karen’s real name is anymore
socratic debate?
great
coming
yeah, doesn’t seem like you need an army for this product!
exactly
doesn’t feel like it is there yet. i tried vision out, but it didn’t blow me away. iphone 1 wasn’t great either imo. lower utility than alternatives, all things considered, but by iphone 3 it was unequivocally the best “smartphone”.
another show coming to 𝕏!
cool
yahoo finance is unbearable
until you tear off one ear and mail it to your ex gf, you have some way to go
feels like this will never end
if you were discriminated against by disney or its subsidiaries (abc, espn, marvel, etc), just reply to this post to receive legal support
indeed
the acid test for optimism about the future is whether someone chooses to have children
don’t bring your kids up in la!
what’s the point of sign language in a video if you have subtitles? am i missing something?
whoa!
an anonymous source just sent me this from disney. it is mandatory, institutionalized racism and sexism!
of course, but still
rand paul is great
lankford either got utterly bamboozled or was in on it. unacceptable either way.
napoleon was awesome tbh
probably
pretty good start
the american foreign policy track record since ww2 – even if you *agree* with the goals – is terrible! castro outlived every us president that tried to kill him, the ayatollah is still in charge in iran, kim jon un still rules north korea, etc.
yeah!
true 🤣
yeah
old twitter crushed any voices on the right, so half the country had no voice. x simply allows both sides to voice their arguments.
let’s hear him out
the magnitude of your defiant l is truly a marvel to behold 🤣
arrest those calling for his arrest!
if evil people are given a moral cloak that cannot be questioned, they are certain to wear it. this is not to say that all transgender people are bad – that would be false – but rather that they should be no more above questioning than anyone else.
disney has almost certainly broken the law thousands of times (no exaggeration)
great idea!
regarding point 2, what’s weird is how slavishly compliant western media is to government even *without* coercion!
i expect this to be one of many lawsuits against disney. they have been blatantly racist, sexist &amp; censorious for years, which means there is a vast treasure trove of emails/texts/slack/etc.
didn’t know psaki even had a show 😂
the plot thickens …
strange dayz
truth is stranger than fiction
who were the actual authors of this bill? i mean who wrote these words? not the politicians.
can’t wait to see the discovery on this one. it will be the motherlode!
you are being gaslit
good
what are deez? 🥜
please let us know if you would like to join the lawsuit against disney
i don’t totally get it tbh
slosh control is a real problem with liquid-fueled rockets!
interesting
a “non-profit” like openai
that is very concentrated control
true
utterly unacceptable
sweeney is an awful human being. taylor swift is right to be concerned.
_______ a doodle do
yeah, algorithm assumes interacting with content means you want more of it!
she’s 🥜
mark cuban wins defiant l of the week
i agree
mark cuban is an insufferable tool
true
there are some truly pathetic members of the gop in congress
he is openly encouraging genocide
accurate
true
crazy
early
people should be open to new ideas
good question 😂 does look like he’s on something in his recent interviews lmao.
absolutely
many would lose their job or worse if they posted under their real name. that is why we take real name doxxing very seriously.
yikes
let’s observe the consequences
any doxxing, which includes revealing real names, will result in account suspension
great!
both
cool
strange
hope the recovery is rapid
yeah
exactly. rather than secure the borders, this administration and many states are rolling out the red carpet!
good point
exactly
yeah
do they prosecute anyone besides trump in ny?
concerning
i took my kids there for a family trip and to discuss strategic matters with larry ellison
absolutely true
yeah
absolutely
yeah
this is cool
yeah, what a ridiculous lie
crazy
indeed
accurate assessment
may he rest in peace
yeah
terrible
ngo personnel who deliberately and repeatedly broke the law to facilitate illegal immigration should face prosecution immediately!
if any publication on earth should defend achievement and capitalism, it is the wall street journal!
true
many states automatically register anyone with a driver’s license to vote (no citizenship verification), ballots are then mailed out and “ballot harvesters” pick them up mail them in, making fraud traceability impossible
major scam
absolutely
exactly
well-summarized
exactly, this is a massive monetary incentive to *increase* the flow of illegals!
the long-term goal of the so-called “border security” bill is enabling illegals to vote! it will do the total opposite of securing the border.
thank you
good progress!
first, no one has ever mentioned rehab to me ever. second, if they are saying that i was able to lead tesla to be by far the most valuable carmaker and spacex to be by far the most valuable space company *simultaneously*, that is the greatest compliment i have ever received!
sources?
agreed
recommend that they also read x. worst case, they will have a better understanding of the so-called “hoaxes”. they don’t need to stop reading ny times, but they probably will once they realize they’ve been had.
if someone only reads ny times propaganda, they will not know what is really going on in the world
cool
yeah, it was extremely difficult and took over a decade for me to get us citizenship
the people have spoken
critical thinking should be the first thing taught to kids
next-level
interesting
should i make the texas institute of technology &amp; science real? it would of course have advanced social studies too.
yeah
so deeply and utterly wrong that a law firm that harmed tesla could stand to gain billions
this is so messed up
might happen one day
so hard to put those two facts together … 🤔
i’m sure top notch detectives are on the job!
you should write for
bill maher is absolutely right
this is insane
i will send some money to his family
uh … what?
castle doombad is a great game! one of my personal favorites.
indeed. failure to incarcerate violent criminals has fatal consequences.
awesome car at a great price
worst disney movie ever
the competition for that title is tough, but you might be right
after all, fortune magazine is such a great judge of talent …
great movie
to be fair, putin is no stranger to propaganda himself 😂
indeed (sigh)
experts have been right so many times, such as … 🤔
maybe he had an aneurysm
sam harris’s mind has melted into goo
*more steroids
really?
if you’re wondering why housing is so expensive, this is a major contributor
a few other things you probably don’t know: illegals in america can get bank loans, mortgages, insurance, driver’s licenses, free healthcare (california &amp; new york) and in-state college tuition. what’s the point of being a citizen if an illegal gets all the benefits, but doesn’t
yeah
uhh … what!?
yeah, can’t blame them
it’s one of the most insane things i’ve ever seen
yup, same
doesn’t look like they’re assimilating to american culture
of course, but he very much believes in massive illegal immigration himself
wow, what a staggeringly idiotic and immense liar! there is so much fire coming from his pants, i’m surprised the building didn’t burn down!
that part is not awesome, but it doesn’t matter. electric vehicles are inevitable.
for massively amplifying the problem, not merely being incompetent
i agree
they are importing as many voters as possible before the elections
what a tangled web!
impeach for deliberately breaking the law and massively increasing illegal immigration beyond all historical precedent
in the “bet-you-didn’t-know” category, homeland security secretary mayorkas issued written guidance making it clear that: 1. illegal presence alone is not grounds for deportation. 2. criminal charges, convictions or gang membership alone are not enough for deportation. you
that’s their actual name?
as a reminder, i am very much pro increasing legal immigration significantly. i’m not anti-immigration, i’m just against a massive number of unvetted people flooding into america, which any rational person should be.
interesting
the brain is a computer. once you demystify it, you can analyze any given brain for its computational ability, just like a computer.
community notes ftw
not at all
as a general rule, if you believe *everything* your political party says, you are an idiot
the competition is not super strong in this regard lol
more people should visit china
niche joke 😂
we should not, for example, impose draconian laws on farmers or make citizens uncomfortable by limiting air-conditioner usage! keep tax revenue constant, but shift it to tax what is probably bad (co2), just like alcohol &amp; cigarettes are taxed more than fruits &amp; vegetables.
the only action needed to solve climate change is is a carbon tax
it should be
feels that way
very much so
exactly
anyone can claim asylum with no proof. it is the magic word that gets anyone, even hardened criminals, into america.
yeah
most people in america don’t know that the census is based on a simple headcount of people (including illegals) *not* just citizens. this shifts political power and money to states and congressional districts with the highest number of illegals.
makes no sense
now he can crack walnuts with his fists
krugman is a candidate for most wrong economist who is still alive
yeah, i don’t know anyone who uses facebook
what is even the point of arresting criminals if nothing is done!? no prison, no deportation.
i was embarrassingly slow to figure it out
he’s right
exactly
this explains why there are so few deportations, as every deportation is a lost vote. as happened this week, you can literally assault police officers in broad daylight in new york, be released with no bail, give everyone the finger and *still* not be deported!! outrageous.
i believe this is referred to as “ballot harvesting”. they just send people to pick up the ballots, as in-person voting and proof of citizenship is not required.
due to opposition by senators manchin and sinema, it did not. however, manchin retires this year and sinema has been ousted from the democratic party, so neither will be there to stop this next year.
here is the full text of the bill. it sounds so reasonable at first, just like “the committee of public safety” actually meant “the cutting off heads committee” in revolutionary france.
biden’s strategy is very simple: 1. get as many illegals in the country as possible. 2. legalize them to create a permanent majority – a one-party state. that is why they are encouraging so much illegal immigration. simple, yet effective.
racism is racism, no matter who it is directed at
this is insane
what the heck is going on!?
the contempt he showed for america is galling
very big difference
😂 poor duriel
yeah. this “recall” literally just changes a few pixels on the screen with an over-the-air update. by that anachronistic standard, phones are being “recalled” every few weeks.
yeah
yeah, for sure. vampire survivors is great for showing battle stats.
the physical letter requirement is super wasteful
weird
seems that way
yeah
not super hot, if i can be frank
misleading headlines … again
literally
exactly
we live in the most interesting of times
interstellar spaceships
review of new model 3 by
good idea
tough battles ahead, that is for sure
he’s right
praise be to orwell. he wrote the antidote to the mind poison.
dr. drew gets it
that was certainly what they actually did, but it is challenging getting things approved politically with an honest title
allies’ advantage in radar certainly helped, but was not the decisive factor. the foundation of war is economics, specifically industrial capacity, and the allies were far stronger in this regard.
that’s what they said
she has done more to damage delaware than any judge in modern history
when you hear the names of legislation or anything done by the government, it is worth remembering that the group that sent so many people to the guillotine during the french revolution was called “the committee of public safety”, not the “cut off their heads committee”
asimov was amazing
there are 8 billion people on earth and only ~350 million people in the usa. if just 1% of earth moved here, every city would be crushed!
sigh
they are her future voters
wise words
worth reading
can you elaborate?
focus on technology
not only were they not deported, they were given a free ticket to california!
she is an activist and politician, first and foremost, as her language clearly indicates
this could have been your family. it was someone’s family.
it is hard to visualize the consequences of bad lawmakers until you see the victims
interesting
no way 🫢
good plane, but ultimately the f6f hellcat was the winner. f6f had the best kill ratio of any plane in ww2.
also, it’s not a “moon shot”
definitely buy the stock of any company where the ceo accepts the terms that i did! if you made that offer to any ceo in the top 500 companies, none would take it.
exactly
it is simply the tip of a much larger problem
it is impossible to look good wearing a vr headset
true
elected officials need to be fired
and yet they are not, even for murder and rape
the craziness continues!
420m mobile search results 😂
i’m pro-environment, but i support the farmers! farming has no material effect on climate change.
exactly!
what the heck is going on!?
for most companies, nevada. tesla is physically headquartered in texas, so makes more sense for us.
outrageous!
the leadership is the problem. border patrol officers have no choice, so not their fault.
change your state of incorporation out of delaware before they lock the doors. they are currently blocking john malone from changing incorporation from delaware to nevada.
moving on to other games
it’s beyond stupid how op barb is. literally, a magic 8 ball could do a better job of class balance.
druid sucks rn
absolutely!
what a crazy thing for them to say
interesting
good for ken griffin!
high time there should be
getting a stupid age blocker from noobtube. post the video on x.
schiff is such a liar
good guess
exactly
the public vote is unequivocally in favor of texas! tesla will move immediately to hold a shareholder vote to transfer state of incorporation to texas.
the real plaintiff is the class-action law firm
yeah
thank
i recommend taking the cell phone number requirement off the petition, as people will be concerned about too many robo texts/calls
starlink team is working hard to ensure an amazing internet connectivity experience for hawaiian airlines flyers. should be profound and feel you’re on the ground, not even in an airplane.
yeah
as soon as we are confident that it is robust, a/v calling will roll out widely to x users
yeah
what has become of america?
yeah
exactly
good question
true (sigh)
uh … yeah
the value of an “elite” college education is not what it used to be
the most salient point that was missed was that the shares could not be sold for 5 years after exercise of the options, making it impossible to “exercise and run”
yeah
true
yes. the parasitic load of being a public company has become extremely high.
not merely beyond current technology – simply impossible, according to the standard model of physics. this fundamental uncertainty has been tested *extremely* well.
very
interesting
nope
yeah
going for a walk with optimus
the real plaintiff is almost always, and certainly is in this case, the class action law firm
this is insulting to shareholders
illegal immigration has increased by almost 1000% over the past decade and is still rising rapidly
the united states is being overwhelmed
exactly
should tesla change its state of incorporation to texas, home of its physical headquarters?
i recommend incorporating in nevada or texas if you prefer shareholders to decide matters
it’s getting silly
never incorporate your company in the state of delaware
the sentence is excessive if they were not violent
that’s really all they did?
yeah. i told them so at the time. they just insisted on suiciding themselves!
not that long ago:
if denver is having trouble with 40,000 illegals, how will they handle the next 400,000? the illegal influx is growing exponentially and just exceeded babies born in america last month!
exactly. and even if economics is not what they tell officials, it is obviously the reason for coming to america. especially when states like california make medical care free for illegals. no amount of money can increase the number of doctors as fast as people can move here,
here comes the actual hard part: what is the solution? court dates are 5 to 7 years away and growing to infinity.
thanks!
sorry it took so long
and deport more than zero illegals. that would help too.
change the asylum rule that allows anyone to claim asylum with no proof and that classifies “economic reasons” as sufficient, as that means basically 80% of earth
exactly. and pointless to try to achieve a fast clear time unless you’re a barb.
it should have a screen on the outside too, like the . that would be sickkk.
higher productivity leads to increased prosperity. there is no other way.
i remember getting the nokia phone computer back in the day. as soon as i used it, i knew they were toast.
sounds interesting
the united states or another country. pick one.
the politicians responsible for destroying san francisco need to be fired. end of story.
wow, i just searched medical research papers and it turns out that birth control meds triple the risk of suicide!! i never heard that before you posted.
heinz ketchup is too amazing not to have a catch, but i still love it. have never had an artisanal ketchup that was better than heinz from the store.
sigh
there should be some action above nothing
congrats to the team for the first time completing 10 rocket launches &amp; landings in a single month!
doesn’t sound loyal to the united states
pathetic indeed. disney desperately needs a change in management.
does seem like it should come with a snorkel
being gay and smart seems to have a positive correlation
a new development
this is crazy
some like it cold!: the musical the perfect temp is:
were there consequences for the attackers?
current disney management is destroying the company. time for change.
yeah
what were the consequences to the attackers?
who is funding this?
yeah
and the quality looks like you’re a child
telepathy &amp; blindsight
it is insane how many people have asked me if the moon landings are fake. the are indeed obviously real. indeed, just as real as the tragic fact that we haven’t been back there in half a century. we should have built a permanent base on the moon and mars by now!
and it’s still only january. the us is only 5% of earth’s population, so it doesn’t take much of the rest of the world to overwhelm the system.
he’s dead right. please put “never went to therapy” on my gravestone.
seriously
yeah
the border basically doesn’t exist
i’m told that a lot of people in college are on adderall. definitely won’t help increase empathy, that’s for sure!
whoa!
enables control of your phone or computer, and through them almost any device, just by thinking. initial users will be those who have lost the use of their limbs. imagine if stephen hawking could communicate faster than a speed typist or auctioneer. that is the goal.
the first product is called telepathy
noted, will be fixed
exactly
seems pointless to have other classes if only one is at all competitive. might try destiny 2.
the first human received an implant from yesterday and is recovering well. initial results show promising neuron spike detection.
interesting
i did not say that all legacy media is fake. you are applying the straw man fallacy to my statement. i simply implied that it is foolish to swallow what the conventional press says without applying critical thinking.
yeah
cuban gets defiant l of the week award
exactly
stupidity &amp; self-hatred are a deadly combo
was having dinner with some friends and they said all their family in europe totally believes the news 🤣🤣
spicing these memes up with a little herzog
yeah, they at least need to outweigh us
yes. the point is not to replace one form of discrimination with another, but to end discrimination.
true
seems unbalanced
exactly
taken from montana to wyoming?
they greatly outnumber us
one day, the chickens may turn on us …
i’ve stopped playing for now. can do all the dungeons, but clear time for all other classes is hopelessly bad compared to barb. will consider again when a class balance is done for the leaderboards.
legacy media controlling what subjects they write about is by far their biggest lie, as they can ignore important matters and inflate minor ones. 𝕏 enables the people to define the narrative.
media control of the narrative is by far their biggest lie
is this for real?
this kind of interaction is what makes 𝕏 special
yeah, by a giant margin
wow, barb is so strong that there is no point in other classes! unfortunately, it takes a long time to build up your character in diablo, so i can’t afford the time to switch from druid. will hold off playing further until there is a character balance that allows other classes
it is usually safe to assume that any proposed law will do the opposite of its name – “orwell’s law”
cuban arguing with a rabbit &amp; losing is 🤌
amazing
you rang!?
character balance is seriously broken
the woke mind virus is deadly
it’s a start
he’s a chicken 🐓
aiming for 2 launches of starlink tonight
“multimodal llm” doesn’t make sense as a description imo, as the “multimodal” part tries to nullify the second “l”
good summary
possible
minecraft irl
i would gladly obey “chemtrails” if i could understand wtf they were saying
yeah, but you get used. like 💦 off a 🦆 back.
what’s twitter?
i guess this one is not a banger
colon cologne, but it is the best fragrance at masking odors originating from said organ
the difficulty of communicating with mars varies tremendously, with the worst case being when it is on the opposite side of the sun from earth. for terabit-level bandwidth, the best option is probably a series of laser communication satellites at varying distances from the sun
that is because they were largely improperly sued into oblivion by class action lawyers. class action reform is sorely needed, as it is a massive hidden tax in consumers. i recommend requiring that at least 10% of a class be required to vote for the lawsuit for it to be
incarceration obviously does work, but that number is too low to be believable
inner demons can be helpful
he’s right
exactly
“colon cologne, the fragrance that takes you beyond uranus!” – grok
i am nothing if not merciful 😂
it would be accurate to say that physics and the starlink system design enable it to be the fastest long distance communication system, but it is not there yet. it will be.
“snopes is a political psy-op” – fact check true 😂
colon cologne, even better than burnt hair!
interesting thread
inevitable
that is undeniable at this point
very concerning
true
building a wall is a red herring. no wall is needed to fix this situation. border patrol is being instructed to facilitate illegal entry at scale into the united states. the fundamental problem is that anyone can claim asylum with zero proof, which means all of earth can come
no laws need to be passed. all that is needed is an executive order to require proof before granting an asylum hearing. that is how it used to be.
exactly
there are gigantic differences in the effectiveness of r&amp;d spending between companies
the governor is correct that this is a dojo supercomputer, but $500m, while obviously a large sum of money, is only equivalent to a 10k h100 system from nvidia. tesla will spend more than that on nvidia hardware this year. the table stakes for being competitive in ai are at
xai is not raising capital and i have had no conversations with anyone in this regard
extremely concerning
exactly
absolutely
interesting
exactly
my estimate of the probability of success at the beginning of both tesla and spacex was less than 10%. the reason people telling me we would probably fail didn’t dissuade me was that i already agreed with them!
that number may be closer to 20 million
my vision for the future is vision
humans can drive just fine without shooting lasers out of their eyes
incentives drive behavior. since they expect illegals to vote dem, they have a strong motivation to import voters.
forbes is desperate for attention as they are dying
correct
not far wrong
what are they paying for the property damage they caused?
why do any companies advertise with them?
true
boggles the mind! corruption and incompetence.
just require asylum with proof! it’s understandable if someone escaped from north korea and will be executed upon return, but real asylum seekers (where they face death or imprisonment) are less than 1% of the total.
well, hopefully gets fixed soon
wow. can you basically smash everything in the game at this point?
yeah
concerning
not even a trial so far
precisely
yeah, that’s insane. hopefully, adl is trending better these days.
texas is absolutely right. this administration is deliberately breaking the law by aiding and abetting illegal immigration at an unprecedented scale!
worth it
just like a human
this is my concern re tesla voting control. money doesn’t matter if powerful technology goes awry.
saw the barbie movie recently
and he did
“as you wish”
it will be
when unsupervised fsd significantly exceeds human safety levels and is approved by regulators, the numbers will get really crazy!
morning
existing
seriously 1000 vault runs?
interview with
wow, 40 illegal entries in 2 years! that’s roughly 3 times a month. should get frequent flyer miles!
nice
interesting
they’re still jail for years for a peaceful protest?
exactly
a lot of super expensive art is simply money laundering
what happens when the airport is full?
future wars will be drone wars. the outcome of any battle is kill ratio times number of units. a common mistake is focusing too much on the former, not enough on the latter.
interesting
yeah, it’s terrible
exactly
some of the worst people in the world use woke as a moral cloak
it had so much potential (sigh). highly recommend “the age of napoleon” by will &amp; ariel durant and the podcast with the same name by everett rummage. napoleon was incredible.
cool
correct, the world is headed for population collapse
so many countries are on track to disappear!
seems good so far
lot of layoffs happening
interesting. i find that playing a very difficult video game is an excellent barometer for mental acuity.
that is how our brain works. there are a *lot* of neurons in the motor cortex. movement is not a simple task.
that’s cool
have you tried it?
true
exactly
most legacy media news is a sadness generator, whereas i usually get more laughs per day from 𝕏 than everything else combined
fsd version 12 is a breakthrough
civilization is great
as would say, the homeless industrial complex profits greatly from never solving the problem – they would lose over a billion dollars of revenue per year!
true, always good to remember that
good
sigh
exactly
interesting
literally just me
isn’t destruction of evidence illegal?
very odd. doesn’t make sense.
very concerning
this administration is actively aiding illegal immigration
that’s insane!
very important
the legacy media just foam at the mouth whenever they hear my name 🤣🤣
yes, grok 1.5 should be out next month with substantial improvements across the board
correct
exactly
true
important
nice of him to say
𝕏 is where news happens first
a 10% reduction in g would make orbital rockets so much easier, but a 10% increase would make them almost impossible
g string theory
beautiful sketch
you give economics a bad name
good summary
true
congrats!
reality can be difficult to swallow
our meat computers are feeble (sigh). we did get manage to get a few monkeys to the moon using rockets designed with slide rules, which is pretty impressive.
incentives matter
i cannot see myself voting for biden this time
it is a great fantasy story with a strong, yet not heavy-handed, moral message
london does have epic indian food
he’s right
does get to me sometimes 😔
yup, saw it firsthand
true
china has incredible trains and infrastructure in general
an 𝕏 spam/scam bot accidentally flagged many legitimate accounts today. this is being fixed.
wow cool
so true
that looks awesome
makeup really cakes up in the wrinkles
watch out for bridges!
climate change is tracking to be solved
earth is just a little dust mote
video game spaces
average bandwidth during peak hours in high density areas is lower, but this award is specifically for low population density areas of the country, where 300mb/s is normal.
utterly false. starlink exceeds that right now.
starlink significantly exceeds all the fcc requirements
exactly! this is insane.
big ones will hit at some point and then …
best opening of any textbook ever. not wrong either.
well, they shouldn’t own the news!
at some point, there needs to be a revision of the un bodies. problem is that those with excess power don’t want to give it up. india not having a permanent seat on the security council, despite being the most populous country on earth, is absurd. africa collectively should
that is helpful to know. we should view any given event as having several possible explanations, with probabilities proportionate to evidence and updated as new evidence arises. what is their stated agenda?
great 😀
just follow them
looking into it
seems like they should be followed and unmasked. why doesn’t the media or government care about their identities?
yeah!
good question
starlink would cost even less, but the government requirements made it twice as expensive
coming soon! in beta testing now.
this does seem odd. why no mask removal after arrest?
heavy use of spaces
to the best of my knowledge, we have done nothing to amplify his viewers
unfortunately, it is no surprise
exactly
this is crazy, given that starlink is available right now for a tiny fraction of this cost
probably druid again
not clear
great work by the tesla team
sick burn
border collie’s are crazy smart
thank goodness!!
true
you would need permission from the rights holder, unless they have waived their rights
yeah, it’s insane!
sperm or eggs is literally a binary question
you are!
just the good stuff. top shelf.
ok, well maybe a new one. the whole los alamos saga would be great to hear, ideally feynman-style.
coming!
automotive is not a natural monopoly industry. quite the opposite (sigh).
looking forward to the new diablo season on tuesday
if you post interesting art, either written or visual, add it to the highlights section of your profile
would be cool if someone could make the movie “manhattan” about the actual building of the nuclear bomb
interesting
haha 💯
don’t forget to add your best content to the highlights section of your profile
post your music videos to 𝕏
great video
import duties are super high in south africa to protect the domestic industry. doesn’t make sense for tesla, given that electric cars are not locally made.
correct
yeah
exactly. he hasn’t or he wouldn’t make that post.
lmaooo
they’re still going on about covid vaccines after they had someone cough in their face on stage!?
mars (and the moon)
i look forward to trying it out
this is not accurate. while you are free to say whatever you want within the limits of the law, advertisers are also free to decide where they will advertise. if you find advertisers who want to advertise in your content feed, please let us know.
yeah, just refers to the fact that there is a pre-roll ad
seriously 😂
yeah, it’s weird that the tv now sits on your nose!
this is fake news from bloomberg
this is simply not accurate
!! just get starlink
exactly
has there been an official investigation?
his plan makes no sense. just a worse version of apollo. starship will enable a permanently occupied moon base and even a city on the moon one day.
may as well go for a trilogy
that book is probably responsible for over billion people not being born, a genocide of the future
that is a hall-of-famer for sure 😂
seinfeld rocks
yeah
brutal track record. shareholders have been incredibly poorly served by the board!
is there any explanation for the difference?
some posts are real bangers
interesting
so hot rn
better version
what could possibly go wrong?
trump has made some really funny social media posts
uh oh
extremely far right regarding nationalism (obv), but very far left regarding socialism
reality is increasingly more parody than parody
good explanation of what makes countries more or less prosperous
i haven’t watched late night tv since the colbert show
i was told that not only is the red cross facilitating illegal immigration, they are being paid to do so by the federal government, specifically the dept of homeland security out of the fema budget! what the heck is going on!?
the red cross is supporting illegal immigration?
progress!
seriously wtf
the real issue is that klaus wants to be emperor of earth. he certainly dresses for the part! and the policies that seem to emerge from this gathering don’t seem to make for an exciting future.
wow, i didn’t know elizabeth warren was at davos
thoughtful analysis
cool
i had nothing to do with this billboard, but i definitely endorse the message!
we need to do that in reality!
amazing!!🤩
haha wow
true
jamie dimon says it well
concerning
same
it will be great
this is a heavy duty ka gateway
yeah
just enable subscriptions to and post them there!
it is hard to look good while wearing vr googles
will investigate
she has a point
you may want to follow
exactly
attacks will intensify
i born in 1971
we considered g, f &amp; y, but 𝕏 is just better
inevitable
probably something like that, provided the foundations of civilization are stable
never believe anything written by business insider. that fake publication is not worth reading at all. utter trash.
spacex is focused on making starlink great for gaming &amp; streaming!
hostage video, for sure. also, there is a ton of pressure from esg for any publicly-traded company.
2 years to meet, 3 years to beat no acquisitions, optimus is a startup
cool
no way
yikes!!
robots will build robots one day. seems inevitable, whether tesla does it or not.
unfortunately, such miracles as finding a missing sock are impossible
needs to be excellent for real-time video games
significant improvements have been made to latency (ping) &amp; many more to come. target is &lt;20ms.
good run and ended with class
yeah
correct
exactly
really?
it is very much so
no feud or battle at all. the tesla board is excellent.
if dual-class can be done, i’m all for it. it’s weird that a crazy multi-class share structure like meta has, which gives the next 20+ generations of zuckerbergs control, is fine pre-ipo, but even a reasonable dual-class is not allowed post-ipo.
first mrbeast video posted directly on 𝕏!
waiting for the case to be decided
destiny will be fulfilled
i should note that the tesla board is great. the reason for no new “compensation plan” is that we are still waiting for a decision in my delaware compensation case. the trial for that was held in 2022, but a verdict has yet to be made. i put “compensation plan” in quotes,
yeah!
everyone greeting everyone at weddings must take a long time
extremely concerning. the legacy of mandela was peace and reconciliation, not violence at all. malema is the anti-mandela!
please call them out on anything that may be concerning to the public
gpt-4 level ai on a laptop before too long
yes, very concerning
this is not right
that looks closer to the probable than any other poll i’ve seen
the legacy media act almost completely in lockstep
seriously
x is literally just a letter from the alphabet lmao
please make sure that you minimize political bias
interesting discussion about colleges
mark cuban is such a tool!
𝕏 is the future
i would like to have a strong influence on ai/robotics, not control it. i don’t think any one person should control it.
cool, streaming on 𝕏, while using starlink!
i am uncomfortable growing tesla to be a leader in ai &amp; robotics without having ~25% voting control. enough to be influential, but not so much that i can’t be overturned. unless that is the case, i would prefer to build products outside of tesla. you don’t seem to understand
what a twit!
yeah
this will be great for farmers
communities aren’t really owned, but they do have caretakers
discussion with democratic presidential candidate in 2 hours
the people clearly want change
absolutely!
important note: optimus cannot yet do this autonomously, but certainly will be able to do this fully autonomously and in an arbitrary environment (won’t require a fixed table with box that has only one shirt)
the images i’ve seen so far are amazing. ftw.
already has a community note
optimus folds a shirt
a precise assessment would be to accept that there are probabilities, not certainties, associated with any given event. jan 6 certainly had a large organic component, but there were some undercover government agents in the mix, which the government has admitted is true. the
not bad. could be higher production value.
does seem like vivek should at least be on the list of candidates covered by the media
making the subway stations in major us cities beautiful should be something cities care about
california and new york take the longest for approval
i hope that this happens. time for people to stop dying in trenches.
to fear parody or criticism is a sign of weakness
is there really no media coverage?
this does seem odd
nice!
have they fixed it?
exactly
discrimination on the basis of anything other than merit is wrong
destroying freedom of speech means destroying democracy
how the tables have turned
reminds me of this scene from star wars
exactly
absolutely
just had a conversation with some smart people could not believe this is happening
i think so
hydrocarbons are such a puny source of energy compared to solar (aka free fusion reactor in the sky)
rail, highways and formation of cities
it is not true that 95% of americans are deficient in vitamin d
interesting
this is messed up
such a charmer 😊
i suspect the picture exaggerates the difference. humans have been extremely good at breeding animals for thousands of years. look at the wide variety of dogs vs the original wolf.
extremely concerning
interesting
testing streaming with rob and a few others
will ask the team
exactly
i love old trees
tesla is excellent in snow
that was a tough time
set new world record in diablo aoz last night with an excellent crew. my character is called dieharder.
try it!
moving words indeed
22 more starlink 2nd generation satellites to orbit
i think you’re right
thanks
great idea
i can’t tell real from parody anymore 😂
thanks
us military strategy is primarily centered around a relatively small number of expensive units, far too many of which are crewed. this is a fundamental mistake. the outcome of any given battle is probable kill ratio times number of units.
that is a hardcore wall
whatever the exact number, it does seem correct that vivek did more events than everyone else combined
my guess is that vivek will far exceed the polls when the votes are counted
an organization is usually the moral sum of its constituents
good
i was told vivek did 390 meetings. how many did other candidates do?
we have further improvements in the works to tighten the turning circle significantly
if it is accurate that vivek did more meetings with voters than all other candidates combined, then i think he will do very well in the vote on monday. the power of an extreme work ethic is usually underestimated.
happy birthday!
inverse cramer 🙌
don’t want to be a snob or anything, but i prefer ihop
yeah
we must turn this around
getting cybertruck road legal in china would be very difficult, but we could ship some prototypes over for display
that would be nice
it’s boring
this is crazy
absolutely
went to a monster truck rally in austin!
earth already receives about the same energy from the sun in an hour than humanity consumes in a year. solar panels just need to catch a tiny amount of it to power our entire civilization!
druid worked out well in the end! it is good game/story design to have different character arcs like this, where some characters are strong in the beginning, some in the middle and some in the end.
it is the future
i do :) no one to blame but myself 😂
no way
highlights of the company talk
this is super messed up!
review of spacex achievements in 2023 and plans for 2024+
welcome to 𝕏!
i literally just repeated what elected democrats said. i think we should believe them when they say these things. there is no more room to house illegals in many cities, as hotel space is filled up, now they’re starting with schools, then what?
funny you should mention “properly-run” social networks. are you aware that mark zuckerberg, presumably a “proper-runner” of social networks, funded illegal voting vans in the last election?
several little easter eggs in cybertruck
congratulations , &amp; !
it was wild when tesla exceeded the exxon market cap
massive increase in 𝕏 traffic in december. so far, january is even bigger.
it is obviously incredibly insulting to claim that any group can’t obtain id!
weird
dragon taking astronauts to next week!
california won’t allow an election audit?
logical rebuttals to the points raised below about us election integrity are welcome. this is a debate worth having.
exactly
california made medical care free for illegals last week
looks much worse
talking heads that say whatever is on the teleprompter
the presenters, with rare exception, are like the character in the movie anchorman – they just read whatever is on the teleprompter, no matter how absurd. to give you a sense of just how little thinking goes on, there is the infamously bad reporting about the korean airlines
it’s great!
i was saying they *should* be open for 16 hours to make it easier to vote
exactly
what have i said that is incorrect? unlike almost all countries, such as france, you do not need proof of citizenship to vote in the united states. this is absolutely true. there have been many state challenges to this, but they have not yet made it past the appeals court.
legum is a talented deceiver. read his posts carefully. i am right.
great lecture
he might be right
i and all employees of spacex passed random drug testing for years. nasa received all those results.
well said
hot tea on a cold day is very satisfying indeed
yeah
it’s true! i added an exclamation point at the end to make it slightly less guessable 😂
that is the goal
wow, great!
the propaganda level in legacy media has become tediously high, but also remarkable for how almost all legacy media repeat the same lies verbatim
and if you could actually legislate wealth, everyone would be a trillionaire
carefully chosen propaganda word
interesting
business insider is not a real publication
exactly
i am literally just repeating what the mayor of new york and governor of massachusetts said!
for a moment there, i thought they were picking on us. i mean, they are, just maybe not in this forum lol.
sounds good
neo-fascism
you can learn anything for free on the internet. and most rich kids i know are not super motivated, because life was too easy.
aiming to make 𝕏 the best place for creator prosperity!
almost all the marxists are in the “social” sciences. almost none in the sciences that deal with actual reality 🤣.
seriously, tumblr!? old twitter was definitely a problem too. but it had to start somewhere. let’s keep tracing back.
dang, that is a lot of marxists! it is easy to live in a fake communist reality when colleges have massive endowments that insulate them from reality. college donors need to become a *lot* more stringent in their requirements or stop donating.
they always do that. bi is the new gawker: evil to the core.
let’s trace route upstream a bit more: how did the college students get programmed with the woke virus?
crazy grind indeed! hopefully less grindy in future seasons.
looking forward to it
made many mistakes &amp; my accelerating snapshot is weak, so much better clear times are possible. thanks to everyone who helped! could not have done it without you.
cleared t25 solo in diablo
exactly
those are openly racist organizations
the news lies
what drove this? where is the fountainhead of lies?
yeah, it’s weird
competence must prevail over racism and sexism because it is both morally right and essential to a better future
you should subscribe to x premium. what evidence?
credit to the tesla team
by “misinformation”, wef means anything that conflicts with its agenda
this must end!
well said
this organization will help you if you were discriminated against on the basis of race or sex
exactly
improved model 3 now available
yeah
the woke mind virus
he is right
as promised, this platform will fight for your freedom to speak! we expect many such battles in the future. freedom of speech is the bedrock of democracy. without it, america ends.
that will be wild
high throughput by !
it’s not real
major improvements in transparency
lfgmf2024
this is the only place to find the truth
new york city just forced kids out of their school to house illegals
accurate
this will kill people
merit should be the only reason for hiring, especially for jobs where your family’s lives are at stake
there is pervasive pessimism in europe and many parts of america. it is taught in the schools.
an accurate account of the situation. anyone can go to the border and see for themselves.
true
this was said over 6 months ago
correct
super cool
cis is a heterophobic word. shame on anyone who uses it.
indeed, it is ironic …
yeah, we have a lot to fix. the internet is infested with the woke mind virus.
the first starlink direct from satellite to mobile phone text messages are working!
there will be many mistakes, but we will aim to correct them fast
people will die due to dei
magic! 🪄
do you want to fly in an airplane where they prioritized dei hiring over your safety? that is actually happening.
the trend line is insane
true
extremely concerning, given that the recent massive influx of illegal immigrants exceeds babies born in the united states
satire indeed …
exactly
real possibility. it is odd that dinosaurs didn’t develop large brains for so many millions of years.
🔥🤣 my dog (marvin) woke me up at 5am to go outside
shifting power back to the people means taking it away from the political class and their puppets in the press
lot of good quotes in this thread
probably, however illegals are not prevented from voting in federal elections. this came as a surprise to me.
most of it was done by a company (british east india) literally founded in a coffee shop
exactly
cis is definitely a slur. anyone who uses it should be told so in no uncertain terms.
i agree
true
bigtime
awesome
but everyone is also free to criticize x (and me)!
yeah
yeah
you’re welcome
they’ve run out of hotel rooms, are kicking kids out of school for illegal housing and now they want your homes too
yeah
that’s how the legacy media runs
this is what happens when you run out of hotel rooms. soon, cities will run out of schools to vacate. then they will come for your homes.
it does seem like automatic destruction of government documents would be seriously illegal
unreal
is this legal?
same
lfgdogetothemoon!!
the ceo is kirby
olbermann always writes like he is shouting. that time he posted from his dog’s account was memorable 😂
this is insane!
it will take an airplane crashing and killing hundreds of people for them to change this crazy policy of die
interesting
seriously
we do need to change the rules in our country. right now, the incentive is too high to ferry in illegals, with or without cartels.
agreed! this is way overdue.
true
explains why orgs like are so desperate that they will torch their integrity
wow, big difference
open borders will kill america
when you add unfunded obligations (like social security &amp; medical), plus state &amp; local debt, government debt will soon exceed $100 trillion!
it was a great year for !
yeah
a lot is happening on 𝕏!
you can print your own ballot &amp; mail it in!
don is free to say whatever he would like. there is no editorial gestapo on this platform. we don’t even know what he or tucker or others will say before they say it.
there are around 600 million active accounts on this platform. mistakes are bound to be made at such a scale, but we try to fix them quickly. there will always be some false positives and false negatives, but we aspire to take corrective action rapidly.
yes, doxxing is grounds for suspension
hamas was calling for the extinction of israel and, unlike iran which does the same, are not recognized as leaders of a country by the un
looks like is active again
we do sweeps for spam/scam accounts and sometimes real accounts get caught up in them
creator rewards will increase significantly this year
interesting
we are looking into it
concerning
bots are the devil (sigh). i think a simple ai applied to comments should solve this.
in general, suspensions should be even-handed. we are also very reluctant to have permanent suspensions, so people should expect a series of temporary suspensions that become longer, rather than instant permanent suspensions.
another $65b to ukraine? what’s the exit strategy? i support ukraine, but this seems like a forever war with no progress. just sacrificing the youth of the country for no territorial gain.
exciting!
the cardinal of any platform is being boring. 𝕏 is never boring.
strange
i only learned this recently
california hasn’t required proof of citizenship to vote since 1994
i can’t tell if this is real or parody 😂
this verdict does seem weirdly weak
exactly
i will in investigate (sigh)
welcome to 𝕏!
don lemon show coming to 𝕏!
i will investigate. obviously, it is ok to be critical of anything, but it is not ok to call for extreme violence, as that is illegal. (apart from the “un exemption”, where officials from countries recognized by the un can say what they say at the un). for the record, i do
ireland already allows non-citizens to vote? in national elections too?
the are a bunch of clowns that deserve no respect
doesn’t seem like an effective way to combat “disinformation”
the has become so desperate for circulation that they lie on a regular basis
video viewership is increasing rapidly
i recommend a lawsuit.
great book
i read your insightful book on the parasitic woke mind virus. it gave me nightmares 😬.
saad, but very true
yeah, i was running on very little sleep for several days due to extreme work requirements. worth noting that tesla was very close to bankruptcy in 2017.
yeah
pretty much everything i predicted in that talk has happened or is in process of happening
yup, that’s the one 😂
so cringe
epic
this explains mark cuban’s ridiculous overcompensation regarding racism. same thing happened with guys who got bust suddenly becoming fake ardent feminists.
exactly
just guessing or you have some inside scoop?
yeah
well said!
that is a very big self-licking ice cream cone!
pretty much summarizes every wsj article
good question
ufc, anyone?
really? please put “never went to therapy” and “invented car fart” on my gravestone. those are my only requests.
to thine own self be true
if mental gymnastics were an olympic sport, mark cuban would be a perfect 10
yikes!!
whoa, i did not know this
if elections are open for 16 hours, essentially everyone can vote
we should require government id and in-person voting (unless valid medical/ military/etc excuse), like other countries do or like if you want to buy beer
yeah, that was weird. literally the same people who said voter id was racist also demanded that you get a vaccine id to travel anywhere or work!
how does this story end? that’s the question.
does kinda have cylon vibes
it is the hypocrisy that bothers me. obviously, women’s (or men’s) sports, for example, are sexist by definition. what is absurd and hypocritical is to claim that something isn’t racist/sexist when it obviously is!
i guess glass is the way to go?
even aluminum cans have plastic liners. the toxicity of plastic is up for debate, but i definitely don’t like the idea of eating plastic!
the plot thickens!
sure looks that way. fine for the officer to body block someone trying to get close to a senior government official, but false to say that he deliberately assaulted an officer.
you are a liar
unfortunately, yes
they won’t make it past the next election
i do love canada!
cumfta or something like that
(cto) chief troll officer
yikes
some of these are gems 😂
much has changed
this was a tough call. while many government leaders, including in the usa, do call for killing people, we have a “un exemption rule”; if a government is recognized by the un, we will not suspend their accounts. hamas is not recognized as a government by the un, so was
ai would be a great teacher for our puny meat computers
claiming that people can’t figure out how to get id is racist and should be condemned in the strongest possible terms
extreme incompetence is indistinguishable from sabotage
yeah
by mailed in ballots arriving in large numbers, often *after* the physical vote count
makes sense
it’s racist to claim that an adult is incapable of obtaining id!
yeah
once again, ftw
interesting character
in the usa, you don’t need government issued id to vote and you can mail in your ballot. this is insane.
exactly
as we grow user market share, advertisers will have the choice of advertising on this platform or losing to their competitors
it’s an anagram for die
interesting that the press would lie so loudly about this issue
so true
great work by the tesla team!
incentives matter. they are importing voters.
he’s not great at internalizing responsibility
lmaooo
anger management is not his strong suit, but maybe he can go on probation for the usa long jump in the next olympics
mark is a marionette
this disinformation was fed to you by the same people who claim to want to fight disinformation
really not being covered by the news?
6.9% is the next milestone (obv)
their goal is to import voters
that was wild
“computer, enhance!”
messed up
i was born 69 days after 4/20
the industry experts said this was impossible
disappointing that the supreme court declined to hear this matter
aiding &amp; abetting illegal immigration is a felony crime
support the farmers!
this sounds crazy
she served her term and that was it. no negativity at all with linda!
i look forward to trying it out
the news has been told not to cover it
oil demand will obviously drop as electric vehicles constitute an increasingly large portion of the automotive fleet
wow, the press hates democracy!
indeed, congrats!
good!
that is the key question
good for them
“fact-checkers”
krugman is just cramer without the charm
tmz underrated. wsj is trash.
they’re just going full orwell at this point. never go *full* orwell! 😂
wow good
the biden administration is actively aiding and abetting illegal immigration, because they are viewed as future voters
too boring even to hate 🤣
congratulations! and to too!
it’s definitely not mutual. i don’t even have a subscription.
tmz has vastly higher standards than the wsj (actually)
if drugs actually helped improve my net productivity over time, i would definitely take them!
the airline industry can’t find enough qualified pilots even without insane dei requirements!
business insider is not a real publication
not the prettiest thing in the world 😂
… while simultaneously leading tesla to be the world’s most valuable car company (model y is the selling vehicle on earth) and spacex to be the world’s most valuable space company (~80% of all payload to orbit last year). whatever i’m doing, i should obviously keep doing it!
true
for sure
accurate
true
exactly
wow, 13 years ago
cool, glad to see you streaming on x!
to be expected. they will stop at nothing to destroy 𝕏.
he is just an awful human being
after that one puff with rogan, i agreed, at nasa’s request, to do 3 years of random drug testing. not even trace quantities were found of any drugs or alcohol. is not fit to line a parrot cage for bird 💩
this thread is comedy gold 🤣🤣
couldn’t ask for a higher compliment 🤣🤣
yes, it is happening in many countries
the us construction industry can increase available housing by 1% to 2% per year. but the us population is only 330m out of 8b. so if just ~4% of earth moves here, housing would need to double, which is impossible, causing a massive homeless problem and house prices to be
done right, a compiler should be able to figure out type automatically. it’s not that hard. not that it will matter much in the ai future.
true
and those responsible can and will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law
when you understand the incentives, you understand this administration’s behavior
doesn’t make sense
exactly
this is illegal voter importation. plain and simple.
😂 good one
🎶 what is love? 🎶
good arguments
should be interesting
well said
interesting
how many were prosecuted?
good question
close the massive “anyone can have asylum for no reason” loophole
now do tier 25 in aoz
my son lil x loves clinging precariously to my back &amp; yelling “monkey rides!” 😂
thanks for the tips
we made it halfway through the boss health on t25. great play by gregg!
true
seems odd
does seem odd
good point
exactly
masochists?
absolutely
true
true
remember the smug snitch from middle school who would rat on you? guess what career they picked.
if true, this put a lot of lives at risk
interesting. 𝕏 will add them as defendants in the lawsuit.
a few other products coming too
spacex doesn’t even file patents (except to block trolls), so there is nothing to stop them from copying falcon 9!
this platform has the highest return on advertising spend, according to np digital
accurate history of past decade of american rockets
starlink now available in mozambique!
obviously
we are working on that.
they will go to prison.
interesting, so it is in fact a felony crime.
that would be a cool wrap
stream test seemed to go well. platform is making progress.
seems like something very big is being hidden from the public
this is happening a lot. something is deeply wrong.
yeah
congrats
yeah!
and california just made medical care free for illegal immigrants. this won’t just crush the state budget, california will have a fundamental problem with not enough doctors to take care of all the people. it takes ~30 years to make a new doctor, so overnight change is
especially the mobile user-seconds are hard to fool
the impact of rifles in the napoleonic wars is sometimes dismissed, because so few rifles were produced relative to ball muskets, but this misses the point. you only have to snipe the officers to disable an enemy army, similar to how even a tiny head shot stops a single human.
😂 just don’t invade russia. it’s never a good idea.
nelson was incredible. his attack on the french fleet anchored close to the shore of egypt was also brilliant. side note: wellington is usually underrated. not on napoleon’s level, but still one of the best generals in history imo.
lmaooo
this platform is seeing incredible usage growth!
great prediction!
i do think that if merit for a given job is roughly the same, then the tiebreaker should be diversity (of all kinds)
happy to enroll him!
edited version of spaces discussion with
they would be last place immediately
correct
mark cuban is desperately trying to signal his “virtue”, but his hypocrisy convinces no one
napoleon had incredible teachers
absolutely
any proof?
i don’t think anyone should be removed from ballots. the people should decide who is elected.
the biden administration is breaking the law by facilitating illegal immigration
there are almost no deportations
cool, so when should we expect to see a short white/asian women on the mavs?
yeah, us legal immigration is a laborious kafkaesque nightmare
i have never seen anything grow faster than ai. not even close.
falcon stage separation at sundown
wow, mad respect for you! i would vote for zuby for president.
sage advice
correct
big money!
exactly
true
while it is trivial to enter the united states illegally, it is insanely difficult for legal immigrants to move to the united states. this is madness! we should shut down illegal immigration and greatly increase legal immigration.
great, hopefully the birth rate changes soon!
they view them as future dem voters
at this point, there is no question that this administration is actively facilitating illegal immigration. the numbers speak for themselves.
it is currently trivial to claim asylum, as no proof whatsoever is needed, nor is any proof of id or other documents needed from their home country (they discard their docs shortly before crossing the us border). we need to require id, which they used to get to mexico (almost
“sanctuary city”
i appreciate the tips and advice from you and many others! looked at and a lot and received much help from friends around the world, especially in china.
yeah
agreed, but even countries that have very few immigrants, like korea and japan, are experiencing population collapse. if the birth rate stays as low as it is, the dutch nation will die out by its own hand.
i hope it is enough. still much to do.
exactly
the public should be made aware of this
they buy a lot of advertising and, with that, the silence of the media
seriously 🤣🤣
amazing 😂
good!
😂 light mode is brutal
even though internet archive has a ton of negative bs about me, it is still a public good that should exist. support the internet archive!
accurate
discussion with peter diamandis
interesting
absolutely
12 o’clock elbows ftw
great work by the team!
damn, that’s intense
somehow, indigenous peoples went from being referred to almost exclusively as baby-killing savages to almost exclusively being referred to as noble, peace-loving ecologists! in reality, all peoples back then did terrible things by modern western standards. slavery, for
i was told that history is almost not taught at all in nk schools
completed tier 24 in diablo's abattoir of zir. but, as the video shows, i had less than a minute left, so definitely need to increase damage significantly to clear tier 25, where monsters have ~3x health. full glass cannon is the only option!
yeah!
discrimination on the basis of race, which dei does, is literally the definition of racism
what the heck!?
dei, because it discriminates on the basis of race, gender and many other factors, is not merely immoral, it is also illegal
thanks john!
$415m from the us government?
the bbc wrote a similar article to the ap and then deleted it when it got noted 😂
the has the woke mind virus growing out of its head like a giant mushroom!
dei is just another word for racism. shame on anyone who uses it.
it will
it’s coming
“plagiarism cannot be considered a weapon”. oh that it is good 🤣🤣
and, once again, for the win. gay repeatedly violated harvard’s rules against plagiarism. source: harvard.
wow, the hasn’t merely drunk the woke kool-aid, they are swimming in it!
true
sorry to hear that
yes, this is getting ridiculous
small correction: i am from a british/english background, not an afrikaner background (similar to jrr tolkien, who was also born in south africa)
tesla is an ai/robotics company that appears to many to be a car company
that, plus low birth rate and a crazy open border policy
true
the federal open border policy is absolutely breaking the intent of the law, if not the letter too
i literally am 😂
true
there are certainly other factors at play, but heavy use of c-sections allows for a larger brain, as brain size has historically been limited by birth canal diameter
exactly
this is how we create tesla products
cancel culture is being canceled
version 12 is next-level
major problem!
i vote for
today is the first day of the rest of your life
yeah, this is a big deal
this will allow for mobile phone connectivity anywhere on earth. note, this only supports ~7mb per beam and the beams are very big, so while this is a great solution for locations with no cellular connectivity, it is not meaningfully competitive with existing terrestrial
first launch of starlink direct-to-phone satellites
maybe not exceed, but pretty close
true
the biggest problem that humanity faces is population collapse
replacement rate is 2.1, so roughly 31 generations, but let’s try to avoid this!
it really is all about the journey!
we are doing releases every 2 weeks on friday at midnight california time
370 tons
they do
reason we hustled so much to get autopilot v1 out was that someone driving non-autopilot tesla fell asleep, crashed &amp; killed cyclist (tesla driver was uninjured). driver nonetheless sued us saying new car smell made him fall asleep (sigh). judge didn’t agree.
indeed. grid fin designs clearly work, but do they maximize payload? good chance that they do not. something with much more drag to reduce terminal velocity &amp; so reduce landing propellant might have better performance. not sure. potential future optimization.
the tesla ai predictions are swiftly becoming superhuman – its guesses for what it can’t see well feel like esp. it has a vastly larger training set than any human &amp; thinks only about driving.
there is always a lot of cleanup after a major code release. beta 9.2 will be tight. still some fundamentals to solve for beta 10, but now that we’re pure vision, progress is much faster. radar was holding us back.
will post once we have a decent simulation. our first design will probably be far from the bullseye.
stage zero, which is everything needed to launch &amp; catch the rocket, is at least as hard as the booster or ship
pc desktop with latest graphics card, although i have a mac too. gigabyte laptop.
two weeks (actually)
a wheel of cheese
snatched from the sky by mechazilla
hadn’t showered in several days. we are going hardcore with starbase surge.
it is pitch black. you are likely to be eaten by a grue.
tesla policy is never to give in to false claims, even if we would lose, and never to fight true claims, even if we would win.
if we are wrong, we are wrong. in this case, we were.
yeah, liftoff is solid
rt : we currently have over 20 of our latest generation implants that have passed the 5-year mark of accelerated aging on benchto…
rt : and on june 6, the dragon 2 fleet's cumulative time in space surpassed the space shuttle fleet's time with 1,324…
rt : i still hear tons of friends just coming on twitter for information. you should consider sharing your voice and contribu…
rt : over 7,000 pounds of new experiments, new solar arrays, and other cargo has arrived at the station after the dra…
rt : dragon separation confirmed; autonomous docking with the on tuesday, june 6 at ~5:50 a.m. et
rt : liftoff!
rt : watch falcon 9 launch dragon to the →
rt : beat previous record by &gt;8 seconds!
rt : a number of political shows and podcasts have announced their intention to upload on twitter alongside, or even in place o…
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the just read the instructions droneship
rt : falcon 9 launches 22 satellites to orbit from florida
rt : 2,000 sites now live in north america, delivering up to 500 million miles per month 🎉
rt : dagan shani has imho made the most important film of the year - about the harsh truth:
rt : starlink set an altitude and speed record for use in-flight during starship’s first flight test, providing connectivity at 12…
rt : breaking: says all new model 3 vehicles in the us now qualify for the full $7,500 ev tax credit, meaning the mode…
rt : starlink on igloolik island in the northern territory of nunavut, canada 🛰️🇨🇦
rt : the babylon bee + at twitter hq tomorrow. premiering exclusively on twitter.
rt : three years ago this week we launched our first human spaceflight mission to orbit. thank you to , , …
rt : the space laser mesh is what enabled starlink coverage for critical infrastructure, schools, and communities across the 169 i…
rt : powerwall is one of the best products i've ever purchased. nothing but sunny blue skies for over a week, yet power is out f…
rt : starlink connecting schools in peru 🛰️🇵🇪
rt : falcon 9 launches 52 satellites to orbit, completing this first stage booster’s 14th launch and landing
rt : starlink satellites are equipped with optical space lasers (pew pew), which allow us to provide truly global coverage and ser…
rt : 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿→ 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿→ 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
rt : dragon and the ax-2 astronauts are set to depart the tomorrow at 11:05 a.m. et → https:/…
rt : a escala em que a starlink está conectando aqueles que antes não estavam conectados ou tinham acesso não confiável à internet…
rt : end poem of minecraft is literally the best thing i've ever read?? so worth reading the whole thing:
rt : celebrated with 10k+ employees &amp; their families at giga berlin family day 🤘
rt : deployment of badr-8 confirmed
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed the just read the instructions droneship
rt : regenerative braking enables you to bring your tesla to a complete stop without using the brake pedal, maximizing efficiency &amp; r…
rt : another step closer to mars — the first flight test of a fully integrated starship and super heavy rocket
rt : liftoff!
rt : coming soon: more locations to charge your ford® electric vehicle. thousands of them.
rt : thank you to tesla owners for making model y the world’s bestselling car in q1 this year!
rt :
rt : starlink helping to connect schools in rwanda 🛰️🇷🇼
rt : aka, don’t pull out.
rt : announced he’s running for president on twitter. this was by far the biggest room ever held on social media…
rt : twitter is the town square of the people
rt : breaking: confirms florida governor will announce his 2024 presidential run tomorrow night, 6pm et…
rt : starlink for rvs can be used anywhere starlink provides service and is ideal for camping and other activities in rural or remot…
rt : excited to welcome ford owners to thousands of superchargers across north america next year⚡️✌️
rt : fwiw you can post thirst pics on twitter too
rt : the starlink team is proud to support humanitarian efforts around the world🛰️🌎❤️
rt : dragon performed a series of burns on its way to the
rt : welcome aboard the station ! the four private astronauts entered the orbital outpost after opening the…
rt : let's go!
rt : falcon 9’s first stage booster has landed on landing zone 1, a first for a human spaceflight mission
rt : sharing another update on the changes we’ve made to our open source repos this week and a preview of what’s next 🧵 https:/…
rt : watch falcon 9 launch dragon and ax-2 to the →
rt : ending the digital divide requires making devices more accessible. starlink kits are designed to include everything needed…
rt :
rt : second-gen satellites represent a step forward in starlink capability with key technologies to provide ~4x more capacity per…
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 22 satellites to orbit →
rt : watch falcon 9 launch the iridium oneweb mission to orbit →
rt : liftoff!
rt : 3 falcon 9 rockets on 3 spacex launch pads →
rt : starlink on siargao island in the philippines 🇵🇭 📷:
rt : over one-third of secondary schools and two-thirds of primary schools around the world are not connected to the internet. on…
rt : falcon 9 and dragon vertical at 39a; targeting sunday, may 21 at 5:37 p.m. et for launch of ax-2 → http…
rt : ship 25 moved to a suborbital pad at starbase for an upcoming static fire of its six raptor engines
rt : with starlink, users can engage in online gaming which historically wasn’t possible with satellite internet. back in decemb…
rt : 150+ cruise ships and counting around the world are set to use starlink, helping to make their passengers travel experience e…
rt : ¡starlink ya está disponible en panamá!
rt : once you’ve tasted the full phone to car and technological experience of a tesla you can’t go back to any other cars. the…
rt : we are today sharing an update on our approach in turkey. we were in negotiation with the turkish government throughout…
rt :
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the just read the instructions droneship
rt : starlink enables greater access to healthcare and medical services, especially for those in remote locations. thanks to the…
rt : "a lot of people still think teslas are super expensive...but now we're at the point where the starting point of a tesla is actua…
rt : liftoff!
rt : "the most reliable way to predict the future is to create it." - abraham lincoln
rt : when you have starlink on your ship, not only can you stay connected while on the vast majority of the earth’s oceans and sea…
rt : you asked (loudly), we listened. we’ve reduced the signup flow for creators from 27 steps to just 4. it’s never been e…
rt : one-third of humanity remains offline, and many users only have basic connectivity. the ministry of education in el salvador…
rt : powerwall now available in spain →
rt : say goodbye to prying eyes and hello to secure conversations. we're giving early access to encrypted direct messages v1 to our…
rt : verified organization is one of the most important additions to twitter.
rt : starship is the largest, most capable rocket ever developed and will allow us to achieve a shared vision of a future where huma…
rt : with each launch of our first gen satellites, we add over a tbps of capacity to the constellation; allowing us to con…
rt : j. robert oppenheimer's grandson: "we must get over our cognitive and political bias: nuclear energy is necessary and safe, and n…
rt : contributors’ time is valuable, and best spent reviewing high quality notes. today we’re making the number of notes one…
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the of course i still love you droneship
rt : liftoff!
rt : s3xy vehicles 🤝 hot engineers 🥵 our field quality engineers head to dubai at the hottest time of the year for extreme hea…
rt : vote at the 2023 tesla shareholder meeting →
rt : first passenger rail service in the world to adopt starlink! 🛰️🚆
rt : the spice must flow
rt : "twitter has proven itself to be among the best, if not the best, platform for return on ad spend and conversion campaigns…
rt : governments worldwide claim that "hate incidents" are rising, but they're not. tolerance of racial, sexual, and religiou…
rt : increasing lithium refining capacity is critical to a sustainable energy economy—today, we're breaking ground on our in-house li…
rt : tesla lithium groundbreaking ceremony
rt : in the time it takes you to read this tweet, the expansion of the universe will carry this gorgeous spiral galaxy, called…
rt : tesla lithium refinery groundbreaking will be streamed live on twitter at 3 pm cdt
rt : first model y deliveries in türkiye
rt : automatically qts that have been rated helpful by contributors. to appear here, notes must have kept thei…
rt : “a new philosophy of the future is needed. i believe it should be curiosity about the universe – expand humanity to bec…
rt : thank you to our 1.5m+ customers around the world! 🛰️🌎❤️
rt : dragon is go for docking
rt : when you walk on to a plane with starlink, the internet just works – it's that simple
rt : starlink is self-orienting and connects in minutes as long as it has a clear view of the sky. open the starlink app to check…
rt : model s plaid track pack coming soon
rt : ¡notas de la comunidad sigue creciendo! bienvenidos a los contribuyentes de 🇦🇷argentina, 🇨🇱chile, 🇨🇴colombia, 🇪🇨ecuador…
rt : vegas loop is expanding - 65 miles and 69 stations! thanks to for the great partnership.
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the a shortfall of gravitas droneship
rt : the idea that governments around the world have for years been secretly censoring ordinary citizens sounds crazy, but it…
rt : fairing reentry on the viasat-3 mission was the hottest and fastest we've ever attempted. the fairings re-entered the atmosphe…
rt : falcon heavy’s 27 merlin engines together generate more than 5 million pounds of thrust at liftoff
rt : falcon heavy launches ’s viasat-3 americas mission to orbit
the more screentime users spend looking at a post, whether text, pic or video, the more it is boosted. video posted natively to this platform will be boosted more than an external link, because way more time is spent watching a video than clicking on a link.
rt : how it started: how it's going:
rt : watch falcon heavy launch ’s viasat-3 americas mission to orbit →
rt : t-1 hour until falcon heavy's launch of ’s viasat-3 americas mission; weather is 95% favorable for liftoff at 8:26 p.…
rt : your tesla can automatically navigate to destinations based on your calendar
rt : model y awd is the most efficient electric suv ever built
rt : all systems and weather are looking good for tonight's falcon heavy launch of 's viasat-3 americas mission →
rt : imagine the countless lives we could save if more people drove teslas. with safety as a top priority, tesla is leading th…
rt : not all active safety systems are created equal. even within the 5-star category, there can be considerable differences i…
rt : while other car manufacturers struggle with updates, tesla continuously improves its fleet and features. with its latest…
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 56 starlink satellites to orbit →
rt : liftoff!
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the just read the instructions droneship
rt : falcon 9 went vertical early this morning on slc-40 ahead of today’s targeted launch of the o3b mpower mission…
rt : two falcons on two spacex pads in florida. if the weather cooperates, launch windows open 2+ hours apart for these two missions…
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the of course i still love you droneship
rt : transparency is fundamental to everything we do at twitter. as we review our approach to transparency reporting for the…
rt : liftoff!
rt : given the moves by fox and cnn news today with the firings of don lemon and tucker carlson, i think what we have is mainstre…
rt : last night’s storm in florida produced hail, tornadoes, and lightning. following this strike on the tower at 39a, teams perform…
rt : more photos from the first flight test of a fully integrated starship and super heavy rocket
rt : every vehicle we sell, battery we install &amp; solar panel we add moves the needle in the direction of a sustainable future. thank…
rt : creators can now sign up and earn a living directly on twitter in the eu, uk, and eea. tap on “monetization” in settings to a…
rt : more community notes! today’s new algorithm update boosts the number of helpful notes by 10%+. it builds on last week’s…
rt : in a short time, has revealed new info about the composition &amp; atmospheres of , while continuing…
rt : first fully integrated starship lifting off for the first time!
rt : liftoff of starship!
rt : liftoff from starbase
rt : the starship team is go for prop load; team is keeping an eye on the weather →
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the a shortfall of gravitas droneship
rt : liftoff!
rt : first starship launch. 3 people share their experiences. (april 22, 2023) s. padre island, texas i wanted to write abo…
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 21 starlink satellites to orbit →
rt : boats of all sizes can now get high-speed connectivity on waters all around the world, including lakes, seas, and oceans. new s…
rt : starship at sunset
rt : tesla q1 earnings call and q&amp;a →
rt : teams are working towards thursday, april 20 for the first flight test of a fully integrated starship and super heavy rocket →…
rt : we will continue to remove illegal content and suspend bad actors from our platform. we’re committed to increasing trans…
rt : we may get it wrong occasionally, so authors will be able to submit feedback on the label if they think we incorrectly l…
rt : we’re adding more transparency to the enforcement actions we take on tweets. as a first step, soon you’ll start to see l…
rt : as we venture into new territory, we continue to appreciate all of the support and encouragement we have received from those wh…
rt : the starship team is go for prop load. now targeting 8:20 a.m. ct→
rt : these actions will be taken at a tweet level only and will not affect a user’s account. restricting the reach of tweets…
rt : t-12 hours until the first flight test of a fully integrated starship and super heavy rocket; targeting ~8:00 a.m. ct for lifto…
rt : starship's flight test window opens at 7:00 a.m. ct tomorrow; a live webcast will begin ~45 minutes before liftoff →
rt : dragon’s four main parachutes have deployed
rt : dragon’s trunk has separated and the de-orbit burn is underway
rt : teams are completing final checkouts and reviews ahead of starship’s first flight test attempt; weather is looking pretty good…
rt : falcon 9 launches spacex’s seventh dedicated rideshare mission
rt : live: 's cargo mission is scheduled to undock from the at 11:05am et (1505 utc) today. learn more a…
rt : liftoff!
rt : starship fully stacked at starbase
rt : stage separation confirmed
rt : tesla mobile connector lets you charge your tesla anywhere there’s a power outlet
rt : minimal maintenance = less $ vs comparable ice vehicles
rt : news: verified organizations are now available globally. subscription includes features - premium support, - impersonat…
rt : it also means that people who consistently write not helpful notes will more quickly have writing ability locked, and h…
rt : new t-0 of 11:48 p.m. pt for tonight’s launch of transporter-7; weather is looking good for liftoff
rt : we’re rolling out an update that better identifies notes that are broadly found not helpful. this boosts the average qu…
rt : after 30 days docked to the , the dragon spacecraft supporting spacex’s 27th commercial resupply mission for …
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 51 spacecraft to orbit →
rt : we’re making improvements to the writing and reading experience on twitter! starting today, twitter now supports tweets u…
rt : pbs begging on twitter over the years to have people support their federal funding.
rt : starship at sunrise
rt : starlink ahora está disponible en el salvador →
rt : question of the year tbh
rt : teams are focused on launch readiness ahead of starship’s first integrated flight test as soon as next week, pending regulatory…
rt : falcon heavy in the hangar at launch complex 39a
rt : 45k superchargers around the world — and counting
rt : news: fmr president obama gets an affiliate badge on twitter 👀
rt : falcon 9 launches is-40e to orbit
rt : deployment of is-40e confirmed
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the a shortfall of gravitas droneship
rt : liftoff!
rt : ¡hola 🇲🇽 y 🇪🇸! ¡oi 🇵🇹! welcome to all the new contributors in mexico, spain and portugal - we're glad to have you here.
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on landing zone 4
rt : liftoff!
rt : in q1, we produced over 440k vehicles &amp; delivered over 422k vehicles →
rt : brewed for cyborgs, made by humans—giga bier now available →
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the just read the instructions droneship
rt : liftoff!
rt : starlink ahora disponible en ecuador →
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the a shortfall of gravitas droneship
rt : liftoff!
rt : starlink is now available in haiti →
rt : view from the second stage following last week's launch of ses-18 and ses-19 to a geosynchronous transfer orbit
rt : 🛝 at giga berlin 😎
rt : ultra red
rt : tesla master plan, part 3 →
rt : falcon 9 launches dragon to the
rt : dragon separation confirmed; autonomous docking with the on thursday, march 16 at ~7:52 a.m. et
rt : regenerative braking turns our motors into generators, converting kinetic energy into electricity—recharging your tesla's…
rt : the hatch is now closed between the dragon endurance spacecraft and the space station as the crew prepares for u…
rt : crew-5 is returning to earth after undocking from the station in the dragon endurance at 2:20am et. tv cov…
rt : watch dragon and crew-5 return to earth →
rt : we recently partnered with for an independent assessment of hate speech on twitter, which we’ve been sharing d…
rt : falcon 9 launches 40 satellites to orbit, first stage booster returns to earth
rt : twitter will be the place where world participants go to find the truth with the least amount of error. https:…
rt : footage shows capitol cop brian sicknick uninjured on jan. 6
rt : today's cover: jan. 6 footage shows capitol cops escorting qanon shaman to senate floor
rt : 🚨breaking: never before seen video of january 6 shows jacob chansley, the qanon shaman, being led through the capitol by…
rt : more pics of dragon and crew-6 approaching the this morning
rt : liftoff of crew-6!
rt : “we don’t want to be one of those lame, one-planet, civilizations, please!!” - today live on morgan stanley con…
rt : rocket fueling has started and all systems remain go for launch. nasa’s mission is set to lift off at 12:34am et…
rt : crew-6 is go for launch
rt : watch falcon 9 launch dragon and crew-6 to the →
rt : go for launch! watch blast off to the in 's dragon endeavour spacecraft. the upcoming launch attemp…
rt : tesla’s purpose is to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy today, we’re unveiling master plan 3—the path to…
rt : we produced our 4 millionth vehicle at giga texas today ✌
rt : tesla investor day streaming live on twitter &amp; youtube at 3pm ct tomorrow
rt : liftoff!
rt : falcon 9 launches 21 second-generation starlink satellites to orbit
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 21 starlink v2 mini satellites to orbit →
rt : sunset at the pad
rt : among other enhancements, v2 minis are equipped with new argon hall thrusters for on orbit maneuvering
rt : based snl
rt : we call them “v2 mini”. they represent a step forward in starlink capability
rt :
rt : just another day at the office 😎
rt : crew-6, spacex, and completed a full rehearsal of launch day activities
rt : falcon 9 and dragon rolling out of the hangar at launch complex 39a
rt : in 2022, we grew to 47k direct employees &amp; $5b of capital investment in california. today, we’re continuing our investment in…
space elevator
rt : engineering hq opening streaming live on twitter at 7pm pt
rt : california engineering hq—remarks by gov. newsom/elon musk
rt : available na ngayon ang starlink sa pilipinas →
rt : crew-6 dragon arrives at lc-39a ahead of flight
rt : perspective: since january 2022, has had 21 "recalls" for 4,132,303 cars (some counted multiple times). 99% of th…
rt : deployment of ’s i-6 f2 confirmed
rt : whether it's sunny or snowing, megapack continues to power alaska's kenai peninsula
rt : falcon 9 launches 51 starlink satellites to orbit
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the of course i still love you droneship
rt : the twitter board of directors is 🔥
rt : first model y &amp; model 3 deliveries in thailand 🇹🇭
rt : giga berlin is the machine that builds the machine 🦾
rt : tesla ecosystem: energy generation, energy storage &amp; electric vehicles
rt : falcon 9 launches 55 starlink satellites to orbit
rt : so many high iq people recognize the press as their emotional and cultural enforcers, so they become deeply attac…
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 55 starlink satellites to orbit →
rt : liftoff!
rt : if this doesn’t motivate you, i don’t know what does. 33 boosters have been successfully tested and now it’s time to l…
rt : super heavy booster 7 completed a full duration static fire test of 31 raptor engines, producing 7.9 million lbf of thrust (~3,…
rt : 33 raptor engine static fire attempt soon
rt : first static fire attempt of 33 raptor engines on booster 7
rt : starlink is now available in iceland →
rt : news: the model y was the best selling vehicle overall in california in 2022, surpassing the toyota camry. tesla…
rt : a spacex starlink está agora disponível em todo o brasil, permitindo que os clientes solicitem o serviço em todo o país → https…
rt : starlink funziona perfettamente. tim ha numerosi problemi e non funziona in molte zone del paese. è un buon momento per passare…
rt : deployment of ’s amazonas nexus confirmed
rt : megapack factory
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the a shortfall of gravitas droneship
rt : liftoff!
rt : instead of tracking how “russia” influenced american attitudes, hamilton 68 simply collected a handful of mostly real, mostly…
rt : starlink is now available in nigeria – the first african country to receive service! →
rt : melt snow &amp; warm your cabin from a ski lift (or anywhere) in a few minutes using the tesla app
rt : i’m trying to assemble a list of news stories and tv segments pegged to hamilton 68 and will publish it once done, hopefully t…
rt : liftoff!
rt : q4 2022 earnings call
rt : in 2022, we produced &amp; delivered 1.3m+ vehicles 💪 in q4 we achieved our highest-ever quarterly revenue, operating income &amp; ne…
rt : full presentation →
rt : thank you to the tesla team, our supply chain partners &amp; the local community that helped us get here!
rt : launch and catch tower destacked ship 24 from booster 7 on the orbital pad today ahead of the booster’s static fire test https:…
rt : we've come a long way since we broke ground at giga nevada in 2014. to date, the team there has successfully produced: - 7 bi…
rt : today, we’re announcing $3.6b of new investment in giga nevada. - 4m sq ft of new manufacturing footprint - 3k additional team…
rt : after completing starship’s first full flight-like wet dress rehearsal, ship 24 will be destacked from booster 7 in preparation…
rt : starship completed its first full flight-like wet dress rehearsal at starbase today. this was the first time an integrated ship…
rt : track mode lets you use your tesla’s instant response &amp; motor torque to feel superhuman on the track—available on model s plaid…
rt : heat pump allows us to move heat around to whatever system needs it most, giving tesla vehicles unmatched efficiency in cold wea…
rt : for subscribers, when you save a new bookmark, you can still save directly to a folder by holding down the…
rt : we are now admitting contributors from the uk 🇬🇧, ireland 🇮🇪, australia 🇦🇺 and new zealand 🇳🇿 — welcome to community no…
rt : tesla operates the world’s largest global fast-charging network—40k+ superchargers in 46 countries, located near amenities &amp; opt…
rt : liftoff!
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the of course i still love you droneship
rt : falcon heavy is now vertical on launch complex 39a in florida. targeting sunday, january 15 for launch of the ussf-67 mission →…
rt : falcon heavy’s side boosters have landed
rt : watch falcon heavy launch the ussf-67 mission to orbit →
rt : spacex starship 24 stacked on super heavy booster 7 at starbase in texas. standing 120 m tall &amp; with more than twice t…
good summary of tesla progress in 2018 by (due to tesla team, not me though) via
thanks tesla owners in china! looking forward to visiting soon for the groundbreaking of gigafactory shanghai!
turns out if you take dayquil, you exit the matrix
when one of the interns working on the simulation drops the ball …
excited to have larry ellison &amp; kathleen wilson-thompson join the tesla board!
tesla team did a great job!
time. although it also turned out to be dramatically better.
probability at 60% &amp; rising rapidly due to new architecture
congratulations
coming soon
got it 😀🇺🇦
definitely. all major highways in texas will have superchargers, all the way to brownsville &amp; across mexico.
yes. supercharger coverage will extend to 100% of europe next year. from ireland to kiev, from norway to turkey.
most people don’t know that the tesla supercharger network allows easy long distance travel throughout usa, most of europe, canada and china
we are dramatically increasing tesla superchargers within cities &amp; working with landlords to add home charging to apartment buildings
this is incorrect. vast majority of vehicle motion is returned to the battery, as the electric motors act like a generator in reverse. brake pads on a tesla literally never need to be replaced for lifetime of the car.
most importantly, every electric car, tesla or otherwise, matters to the environment we all share. every time someone chooses electric, the future gets a little bit brighter! if not tesla, please take a look at these other options:
and, because electricity costs much less than gasoline, a model 3 can cost about $1000 less per year to operate. because it’s electric, there are no oil changes, smog checks, tuneups, fuel filter, or brake pad replacements.
there are also many state &amp; local incentives, for example california offers $2500, plus $800 from utilities &amp; access to carpool lane, colorado $4000, etc
reminder to us buyers that the $7500 tax credit cuts in half in 5 days! order online at to see if there is any inventory left in your region or visit tesla stores.
merry christmas &amp; goodwill to all!! ⛄️ 🎄 🎁 🎅 💝 😀
no, raptors must be shielded during atmospheric entry. although, maybe not ...
thanks, hope you have a good holiday! your insight on autonomy is excellent.
sigh
leeward side needs nothing, windward side will be activity cooled with residual (cryo) liquid methane, so will appear liquid silver even on hot side
glad you’re ok!
starship will look like liquid silver
haha 🤣
maybe
much less
skin will get too hot for paint. stainless mirror finish. maximum relfectivity.
usable strength/weight of full hard stainless at cryo is slightly better than carbon fiber, room temp is worse, high temp is vastly better
stainless steel starship
which seems to be the approximate pixel size of reality
yes! people are almost always surprised to learn that earth’s gravitational reach is infinite. “zero gravity” is achieved by zooming around earth super fast until outward acceleration equals inward acceleration of gravity.
amazing space progress by china. this year they did more orbital launches than the usa for the first time.
engineering is true magic
how bizarre. sorry to hear that.
putting in little outward-facing speakers would open up a lot of opportunities …
please put “invented car fart” on my gravestone. this is my only request.
our superalloy foundry is now almost fully operational. this allows rapid iteration on raptor.
spacex metallurgy team developed sx500 superalloy for 12000 psi, hot oxygen-rich gas. it was hard. almost any metal turns into a flare in those conditions.
thanks!
it’s embarrassing that boeing/lockheed need to use a russian engine on atlas, but that engine design is brilliant
you def don’t want electric pumps on a rocket engine! raptor turbopumps alone need 100,000 horsepower per engine. that’s not a typo.
yes, full flow, gas-gas, staged combustion. will take us time to work up to 300 bar. that is a mad level.
yes. radically redesigned raptor ready to fire next month.
seriously! we are just on the wrong planet for ssto. mars, no problem.
starlink v1 on falcon, v2+ on starship. basically, all future products will contain either the word “star” or “link” 😀
yes, but single stage to orbit with no payload is pointless. add super heavy rocket booster &amp; orbital payload is gigantic. only need booster on earth, due to deep gravity well &amp; thick atmosphere. starship alone on moons &amp; mars.
coldformed at cryo
this test hopper is at full body diameter of 9m / 30 ft, just not full height. super heavy will be full height &amp; diameter.
exactly
for sheet/plate, at supplier made to our spec. for cast, in our hawthorne foundry.
i will do a full technical presentation of starship after the test vehicle we’re building in texas flies, so hopefully march/april
while there are some material similarities, starship is very different from the atlas design
stainless steel is correct, but different mixture of alloys &amp; new architecture. unlike atlas, starship is buckling stable on launchpad even when unpressurized.
if tesla committed delivery &amp; customer made good faith efforts to receive before year end, tesla will cover the tax credit difference
it will be tight, but tesla production should have all mid-range model 3 orders delivered by year end
try connecting to wifi
tesla has released all cars for sale where original customer can’t take delivery before year end, as well as test drive / display cars, which cost less. reminder to us buyers that $7500 tax credit drops in half in 8 days. order online at or visit stores.
only if dawkins joins
interesting
anxiety is a scalar, fear is a vector
haha
needs a warmup
must feel amazing up there in microgravity zooming around the earth every 90 minutes! hope you have a merry christmas!
thanks, will consider next year
so long as the tunnels are spaced about one diameter apart, most of the stress will flow around them, but this won’t matter for the first few layers
tesla phone app release next week will enable service scheduling in 2 mins with a few taps. no more need to call!
as a thank you to tesla short sellers, we named a 💨 after them haha
perhaps lost in the transport debate is that built a 6000 ft tunnel in la for ~$10m with v1 (godot). next tunnel will be made with v2 (line-storm). v3 (prufrock), aspirationally 10x better, should be operational next year. for reference:
join our underground movement!
reverse back down (using same roller guide wheels, so no skill required) &amp; tow or flatbed it out
autopilot doesn’t need the guide wheels. they’re only there if there is a complete system failure. turns will definitely be banked in future.
are tunnels safe in an earthquake?
exactly
the guides are basically just a wheel, a shock absorber &amp; a solenoid. costs a few hundred dollars in volume.
yeah, it would allow many streets to become parks and walking areas. less concrete, more trees.
probably only need three types: straight ramp, spiral ramp &amp; elevator. latter only for tight spaces.
passive lateral safety is required by regulators &amp; i think they’re right. might be able to build this into the tunnel wall though. so long as the vehicle is prevented by physics from rolling or jackknifing, there is probably a good safety argument.
you’re right. we did have a sim ready, but it was confusing, so i didn’t include it. we’re working on one that makes things clear.
pop up, park and walk!
i know that area well. best would be to add ramps into the tunnel system from the basement levels of the parking lots surrounding 3rd st.
if all vehicles were densely seated buses, throughput in excess of 100,000 people per hour per lane is possible, but better to offer a range of vehicles &amp; let people decide what makes them happy
a variety of vehicles, like normal roads, from a small car to a densely seated bus. must be seated &amp; belted for high speed safety.
next step for loop is demonstrating high throughput at high speed. target is 4000 vehicles/hour at 155mph (250km/h).
precisely
presentation starting at 8:15
this *is* affordable mass transit, but better in that it takes you where and when you to go
the demo ride takes you in *same* car on road, down elevator, zips through tunnel using guide wheels, up elevator at destination &amp; then drives on normal roads back to start
actually way more capacity, way faster &amp; way more convenient. subways are fine, but it’s time to upgrade to something better.
all boring loops will include continuously circulating cars dedicated to pedestrians &amp; cyclists
capable of traveling safely at over 150mph. at that speed, it will feel like teleporting within a city.
this can be applied to any autonomous, electric vehicle, not just tesla
tesla in tunnel with retractable wheel gear that turns a car into a rail-guided train &amp; back again
boring product launch will be streamed live at 8pm california time tonight
boring is developing an entirely new system of transport
same applies to those who didn’t order pup
exactly. it’s a good way to go. get people with more money to pay for the development!
yeah, i wrote that back in 2006, almost 13 years ago!
honored to work with amazing teams at spacex &amp; tesla!
totally false. buried in this incredibly misleading wsj article is the actual statement from thiel’s founder’s fund: “we have no concerns whatsoever.”
same facts, same period of time, but extremely different reporting
tesla 💨 app almost done. important to get every note right!
thanks!
the white seats are actually extremely stain resistant. you can spill red wine on the seats &amp; just wipe it off.
congratulations!
you got it
pretty good. i have confirmation turned off on my engineering build &amp; interventions are rare. probably ready to enable no confirmation setting next month.
god fire
💕🍜 ramen is sooo good🍜 💕
exactly 😀
this part is true. i was trying to explain that we don’t want our cars to have a “tinny” sound.
you should def have a loaner. will take care of it.
seems likely that we’ll be able to reuse fairings that soft-landed in the ocean. may not need net at all. would still love to see the catch happen though ⚾️ 👍
incorrect. “chairman” is an honorific, not executive role, which means it’s not needed to run tesla. will retire that title at tesla in 3 years. 60 mins edited out end of my sentence, where i said i could do whatever i want. they cut “provided i have the support of shareholders”.
about 10 to 14 days
also, tesla policy is that if you order a car without a test drive you get 3 days to return for full refund vs 1 day if you do get a test drive (resources are overbooked)
important note for us tesla buyers: federal tax credit drops by $3750 in 3 weeks. to be on the cancellation waitlist for delivery this year or if you want a display car, order at or visit our stores. full refund if tesla can’t deliver your car this year.
no need to wait. it’s super easy to swap the hw2 and hw3 computers. sensors are the same.
i’m dying to make a pickup truck so bad … we might have a prototype to unveil next year
love that people are buying a tesla for the product itself, even if they don’t believe in climate change. not everyone can be convinced about global warming, but if an electric car is simply the best product, they don’t need to be.
probably next month
you’re right. there was a ton of footage with many people at tesla that would be great to share. longer pieces like we did with tell a more interesting story.
we’re opening a lot of tesla service centers next year, including knoxville. tesla will post upcoming city opening map this week.
probably end of next year
so true 🦙💩✨😴
this is a very misleading edit. please post the full transcript where i complete the sentence.
we are awaiting eu regulatory approval for this release
full self-driving option is required with the tesla designed hardware 3 computer. this is a simple plug in replacement for the nvidia computer, but has over 10x the image processing ability.
already testing traffic lights, stop signs &amp; roundabouts in development software. your tesla will soon be able to go from your garage at home to parking at work with no driver input at all.
if you have a tesla built in past 2 years, definitely try navigate on autopilot. it will blow your mind. automatically passes slow cars &amp; takes highway interchanges &amp; off-ramps.
it was supposed to be, but that was a dumb decision. in the end, roadster only had 7% of parts in common with the lotus elise or any other car.
major credit to ac propulsion for the tzero electric sports car 1997-2003 that inspired tesla roadster. without that, tesla wouldn’t exist or would have started much later.
yeah, we wanted to name our company after tesla, the great scientist/engineer, but use of the tesla name in automotive was already trademarked in the us, europe &amp; later china.
buying took over a decade, $11m &amp; amazing amount of effort. didn’t like even when we were only making 🚘.
tesla history trivia: we didn’t actually come up with the tesla motors name. bought trademark off brad siewert for $75k in late 2004. he’d originally filed for it in 1994. our alternative name was faraday, which was used by a competitor several years later.
but cool pics of the demo starship that will fly suborbital hops coming in ~4 weeks
interesting
fairly heavy metal, but extremely strong
the new design is metal
as far as we know, it’s the largest single piece titanium casting in the world. major improvement over the old aluminum grid fins, as the titanium doesn’t need heat shielding or even paint.
boring company product launch on dec 18. more than a tunnel opening. will include modded but fully road legal autonomous transport cars &amp; ground to tunnel car elevators.
tracking shot of falcon water landing
engines stabilized rocket spin just in time, enabling an intact landing in water! ships en route to rescue falcon.
pump is single string. some landing systems are not redundant, as landing is considered ground safety critical, but not mission critical. given this event, we will likely add a backup pump &amp; lines.
we may use it for an internal spacex mission
yes, cutaway was a mistake. we will show all footage, good or bad.
grid fin hydraulic pump stalled, so falcon landed just out to sea. appears to be undamaged &amp; is transmitting data. recovery ship dispatched.
falcon/dragon launch to in 9 minutes
us too sigh
falcon fairing halves missed the net, but touched down softly in the water. mr steven is picking them up. plan is to dry them out &amp; launch again. nothing wrong with a little swim.
64 satellites 🛰 on this flight!
we’re adding police car, fire truck &amp; ambulance to the tesla neural net in coming months
exactly. default autopilot behavior, if there’s no driver input, is to slow gradually to a stop &amp; turn on hazard lights. tesla service then contacts the owner. looking into what happened here.
it is so hard to move in armor!
you’re all hired!
yes … no … maybe …
none shall pass!
good advice
applying a hydrophobic coating to the radar (located just below nose of car) should help. easy to do yourself or tesla service can do it. we’re also working on vision-only driving.
glad you’re ok
perhaps most telling is that norway, which is partly above the arctic circle, has more teslas per capita than any other country on earth.
as the battery warms up, almost all of that is recovered. there is a roughly 10% range loss for cabin heating. cabin heating impact on range is higher in slow traffic, but range is also higher in slow traffic.
incoming rocket &amp; fairing probably visible, but landing itself is over the horizon
you got it!
three things, one of which is ch4
reentry scorchmarks, not simple soot. can’t wipe it off.
haha
prof dahn is correct (he’s great), but the relative benefit is small. i’d recommend 10% more soc for convenience.
not worth going below 80% imo. even 90% is still fine. also, no issue going to 5% or lower soc.
true ♥️
both
your tesla can function as a boat for brief periods of time
one day
we’re doing an eir for the greater la tunnel network. thought we might need a n-s test tunnel (hence sepulveda proposal), but we’re just going to do rock core samples along that corridor instead.
update soon
sorry ☺️
boring breakthrough
definitely
after safety, our goal is to make a tesla the most fun you could possibly have in a car
we tried. nintendo won’t license it to us.
that would be cool
never heard of it
super fun software easter eggs coming to all tesla s/3/x cars before the holidays! romance mode, toilet humor &amp; more video games.
software upgrade to rain sensing neural net coming next month
this is completely backwards. based on what we’ve learned from the hawthorne test tunnel, we’re moving forward with a much larger tunnel network under la. won’t need a second test tunnel under sepulveda.
you can summon your tesla from your phone. only short distances today, but in a few years summon will work from across the continent.
cool! actually, if you buy a tesla without a test drive, you have 3 days to return it. if you buy after a test drive, you still have 24 hours. trying to incent buying with no test drive.
tiny wizard 🧙‍♂️
7 to 10 years
engineers, artists &amp; creators of all kinds. there is so much to build.
but if you love what you do, it (mostly) doesn’t feel like work
varies per person, but about 80 sustained, peaking above 100 at times. pain level increases exponentially above 80.
there are way easier places to work, but nobody ever changed the world on 40 hours a week
join to create exciting new worlds of technology!! if getting things done matters to you, then , , &amp; are the places to be.
congratulations! what an amazing track record of success with mars!
1000 liters of pure water costs $1
for those worried about running out of fresh water, it may help to know that desalination only costs 0.1 cents per liter or half a cent per gallon
ah yes fair point
used to live in silicon valley, now i live in silicone valley
not yet
🖤 trouble
earth is
earth’s crust is only ~1% of earth mass, so technically we should be called lava
earth should be called water. our surface is 71% water. mars land area is roughly equal to earth, as it’s all land. even when warmed up &amp; water ice turns liquid, mars will be about 2/3 land.
yeah, good idea to offer that as a setting
contour remains approx same, but fundamental materials change to airframe, tanks &amp; heatshield
if you don’t want a tesla, here’s a list of all electric cars in north america via
signing off for a while
happy thanksgiving!!
🚀 starships were meant to fly 🚀
starship tooters
good one
good idea
coming soon
shifting resources from sales to service for next several days
should be next week
no, it’s the first or boost stage, analogous to, but much larger than falcon 9
later versions will
technically, two parts: starship is the spaceship/upper stage &amp; super heavy is the rocket booster needed to escape earth’s deep gravity well (not needed for other planets or moons)
renaming bfr to starship
no, we’re just going to accelerate bfr
supercharger v3, which starts rolling out early next year, will also charge much faster
tesla supercharger capacity will double by end of next year. expect to be within range of 95% to 100% of population in all active markets.
no, it’s got enough load capacity &amp; volume to carry the battery pack &amp; our current pack energy density is about double that of original roadster. still, it would probably only save about 30% to 40% of effort, all things considered.
in order of resource priority, but not necessarily production ramp, as that depends on thousands of parts &amp; processes, which are extremely difficult to forecast
what really matters is time to volume production, not initial market intro. apart from brief moments, tesla vehicle production is limited by total battery output.
lot on our plate, so it’s either get van gliders (no battery, powertrain or compute tech) from daimler &amp; produce sooner or do all &amp; produce later. not a big difference to total vehicles produced either way. priority list is model y, solar roof tiles, pickup, semi, roadster.
maybe interesting to work with daimler/mercedes on an electric sprinter. that’s a great van. we will inquire.
probably mid 2019
tesla can provide heating/cooling/lights/music for days using battery
not everywhere, but should be possible around major metros. parts supply chain to uk should be fixed. lmk if not.
should be possible. please ask service &amp; lmk response.
no, but perhaps in a few years
yeah, good idea. we have that state internally, so can push data to phone app.
haha, just like super troopers
ideal situation in breakdown/accident (assuming no injuries) is that tesla arrives at scene fast with top-of-the-line service loaner
will allow having your car picked up &amp; dropped off or using mobile tesla rangers service vans if car lift isn’t needed
adding functionality to tesla phone app allowing owners to request service for top issues with 1 or 2 taps
yes, no upgrades planned for f9. minor tweaks to improve reliability only, provided nasa &amp; usaf are supportive.
radical change
btw, spacex is no longer planning to upgrade falcon 9 second stage for reusability. accelerating bfr instead. new design is very exciting! delightfully counter-intuitive.
it will alert tesla service automatically as fan power required to achieve target pressure drop exceeds spec level
set air flow to recirculating mode &amp; manually raise blower speed to 5 in model 3 for best air quality. air filters are smaller than s/x, so clear air is achieved by circulating through filter several times.
congratulations on completing the la/hawthorne tunnel! cutting edge technology!
boring company just broke through the other side!!
missed miku concert sigh
listening to better now
china, especially, is doing an amazing job moving towards sustainable energy generation &amp; transport
sure hope this isn’t true. it is the non-linearities, such as siberian permafrost melting or ocean currents changing, that are most difficult to predict.
haha 😀
looking back at the sun from upper stage &amp; falcon 9 🚀 landed on drone ship of course i still love you
$5 per min to argue with knight. $12 for 3 min bulk discount.
while (!castle) {brick++};
watchtower (feat. knight) will be at la/hawthorne tunnel entrance
fortnite irl
boring co is launching a whole product line of diy watchtowers. you get bricks &amp; a picture.
um, that is not our castle. i just found a picture on the internet.
not much but it is ours
the boring company is building a watchtower in la out of dirt bricks &amp; we need a knight to yell insults at people in a french accent
we have to truck to departure rail head &amp; truck from arrival rail head, which is usually from customers. car gets moved around rail yard a lot too &amp; trains don’t leave often.
probably some deliveries in march, but april is more certain
will also be using dedicated roll-on, roll-off fast ships for transporting cars to europe &amp; asia in q1. major focus on minimizing time from factory to new owner. did not fully appreciate the working capital impact until recently.
we bought some trucking companies &amp; secured contracts with major haulers to avoid trucking shortage mistake of last quarter
probably technically able to do so in about a year. then up to regulators.
skipping rail saves over a month for east coast deliveries. all things considered, it’s better to use trucks. single load/unload &amp; direct to owner location.
tesla just acquired trucking capacity to ensure model 3 can be delivered in us by dec 31 if ordered by nov 30
we will fight big tequila!
that would be awesome
easily accessible energy
send me a note!
would be fun to add to tesla
will try again next month
congratulations team! thanks , much appreciated.
is he ok?
it naturally follows that a hotter system will have more energetic events. for example, as a pot of water becomes colder, it becomes inert ice, but heating a pot of water turns it into a steam boiler.
scary sign of times to come. it will get worse.
agreed, technically, mined hydrocarbons come primarily from ancient, decayed marine organisms &amp; partially from geological processes (ch4 particularly)
makes me so mad when smart, ethical scientists i know are accused of publishing climate papers for “grant money”. they earn 🥜 vs their other opportunities, but give that up to help world. but their accusers make billions by slowing down clean energy. which is more credible?
that is true &amp; should be applauded. right move is for oil companies truly to think of themselves as energy companies, but move rapidly towards clean, sustainable energy. means lower profits short-term, but will make them stronger long-term.
we know we’ll run out of dead dinosaurs to mine for fuel &amp; have to use sustainable energy eventually, so why not go renewable now &amp; avoid increasing risk of climate catastrophe? betting that science is wrong &amp; oil companies are right is the dumbest experiment in history by far …
because people on the ground know more about what’s actually needed than politicians do
good, but not hospital grade. s &amp; x were designed to be proof against an actual bioweapon attack. requires a giant filter with separate acid &amp; alkaline gas neutralization layers. not enough room in model 3.
if tesla can help people in california wildfire, please let us know. model s &amp; x have hospital grade hepa filters. maybe helpful for transporting people.
fair point, will reenable
agreed, top priority for autopilot team. being cautious for max safety.
please lmk what you’d most like improved/fixed about your tesla. thanks!
cool
with similar track wheels/tires/brakes, model s p100d is faster
would like to thank robyn for joining the team. great respect. very much look forward to working together.
no, we’re building a bfr dev ship to do supersonic through landing tests in boca chica, texas
won’t land propulsively for those reasons. ultra light heat shield &amp; high mach control surfaces are what we can’t test well without orbital entry. i think we have a handle on propulsive landings.
aiming for orbital flight by june
mod to spacex tech tree build: falcon 9 second stage will be upgraded to be like a mini-bfr ship
but comments are 👌
la/hawthorne demonstration tunnel activates dec 10. runs parallel to 105 freeway from crenshaw blvd to 405.
i think twitter is deleting fake, scam or maybe even inactive accounts. my follower count decreased by ~20k over the past few days.
sure, we can do it
foundation of psychohistory
i am not
true
2b or !2b
remember the future
oh hi guys … lol
yes, germany has outstanding engineering talent
just a few mins, which is mostly accelerating &amp; decelerating
so underappreciated
walked full length of boring co tunnel under la tonight. disturbingly long. on track for opening party dec 10. will be very one-dimensional.
what is love?
fair
yes, that is how
we didn’t even have kids back then. just little sponges.
sea sponge. humans would later use our bodies to clean dishes. so humiliating.
wow that’s cool!
kids these days have it easy
i remember when i was a sponge. simpler times they were.
haha
first movie i ever saw in theaters
when the only existing life was a sponge
although it was in the precambrian era
star wars only had an $11m budget. must have been in the galaxy of ridiculously low budgets.
they’re great! honored to work with them.
definitely
aspirationally, they will be made to the exact same specification, but we can vary cell quantity to account for empirical variation
hopefully, partial presence in india, africa &amp; south america end of next year, with broader expansion in 2020
recently asked service team to expand locations to all population regions (not just major metros) in north america, eastern europe, china &amp; japan by end of next year. we are completely missing vast geographic regions in some cases.
to clarify further, the long-term goal for tesla mass market products is local production for local markets (at least at the continent level). this is critical to make pricing as affordable as possible.
tesla will manufacture all battery modules &amp; packs at china giga, as we do today in california &amp; nevada. cell production will be sourced locally, most likely from several companies (incl pana), in order to meet demand in a timely manner.
amazing results by at tesla gigafactory nevada! very much appreciate extreme hard work it took to achieve this result. together with pana japan cell plants, tesla/pana partnership is producing ~60% of global ev battery output!
prob 2 to 3 weeks
v true
haha
bring me the horizon
aiming for next week
♥️ norway 🇳🇴
#’s r wrong, but 🐻 in 🧠 tesla makes 🚘s 4 overseas &amp; east coast in 1st half of quarter
long-term, the car will work purely on vision, with radar just a plus, but maybe worth adding a radar heater anyway
we can make it work from very far away. los is just for safety.
hahaha &lt;ahem&gt;
um yes
maybe ai will make me follow it, laugh like a demon &amp; say who’s the pet now …
also, you’ll be able to drive it from your phone remotely like a big rc car if in line of sight
car will drive to your phone location &amp; follow you like a pet if you hold down summon button on tesla app
tesla advanced summon ready in ~6 weeks! just an over-the-air software upgrade, so will work on all cars made in past 2 years (autopilot hardware v2+).
scientists uncover sneaky move by gm
for those unfamiliar, this uses tesla autopark/summon. slightly smarter version hopefully ready soon. by next year, a tesla should be able to drive around a parking lot, find an empty spot, read signs to confirm it’s valid &amp; park.
cool haha
legally required officers of a corporation are president, treasurer &amp; secretary. guess i have to keep 1st one or it will confuse the authorities.
good point, might put that one back
deleted my tesla titles last week to see what would happen. i’m now the nothing of tesla. seems fine so far.
signing off twitter for a few days ...
don’t worry, we’ll make it right
the foia on this will be solid gold. can’t wait.
not going up. we will just offer those who ordered bought 3p either $5k back or free lifetime supercharging.
it’s a reasonable criticism. we wanted to make the awesome version of model 3 performance more affordable, but it was arguably too much too soon. taking corrective action …
exactly, this is total bs. what part of “production hell” sounds like a sure thing!?
we will enable track mode for all performance cars
ok, we will turn off lifetime free supercharging and give you $5k refund
yeah, or free lifetime supercharging, whichever you prefer
didn’t you get free supercharging for life? current buyers don’t get that.
exactly. that’s monday.
yes. will require tapping indicator to confirm at first. when safety looks good after 10m miles of driving or so, there will be an option to turn off confirm.
no, but i will
isn’t it obvious?
worth it
true
tesla autopilot drive on navigation going to wide release in north america tonight
not exactly. we just bundled the upgrade package into performance. no problem if you want to return the car, but i think lifetime free supercharging is a good deal.
haha
on insta, 10% of followers like even lame posts. on twitter, good posts get 1%.
reddit is massive, but def has gems
reddit’s twitter account is lame, because it’s not real reddit
exactly
you’re right. earlier model 3 performance buyers got free lifetime supercharging. will add that to anyone who bought recently.
on twitter, likes are rare &amp; criticism is brutal. so hardcore. it’s great.
glad you’re ok
s is better, but rear seat folds down in model 3, so bikes can fit in trunk
hey that’s my halloween costume!
good question
clearly, you’re not reading my twitter
i wish
taking action. tesla body shops now operating in california aiming for same day body repair in most cases.
sir, i would never …
yes, i am a little girl. ok, not that little. or a girl.
making progress …
i said dankest not darkest omg
im actually cat girl here’s selfie rn
it’s pretty hot
deep down, i think frost secretly preferred the latter
fire and ice
flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana
love the concorde
bound to happen
time
love tesla supporters so much!!♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️ ♥️ ♥️♥️♥️ ♥️ ♥️♥️ ♥️ ♥️ ♥️ ♥️
midnight
my twitter feed rn
then the hell with science!
not moths tho
send me ur dankest memes!!
fresh puro from my meme dealer
model 3 was top-selling car in us by revenue despite no advertising, no paid endorsements &amp; no discounts. competitors spent billions on marketing. model 3 was product alone.
massive thanks to tesla owners &amp; supporters. we wouldn’t be here without you.
same
how’d they know!?
around mid 2019
there have been hundreds of improvements to fit &amp; finish over the years, but no major step change in this regard. seats, especially, are dramatically better now than in the past.
only thing almost anyone would notice is the nose
get this question a lot, so need to clarify that there’s no such thing as a tesla “refresh”. other car companies do this every ~3 years, but tesla constantly upgrades vehicle hardware every week.
to simplify production, many tesla model s &amp; x interior configs, will no longer be available after nov 1. order now to be sure of the one you want.
model 3 body design could def be less complex, but, yes, most of weight difference is due to higher safety vs other cars
working on it
that is correct
twitter thought i got hacked &amp; locked my account haha
wanna buy some bitcoin? 😉😉
and i own a chibi wolverine
i🖤anime
order tesla without test drive &amp; you get 3 days to return for refund, else 1 day
former
will be in next point release
hopefully, a few months for drive on navigation capability. we need to address differences in how lane lines are painted. varies greatly by country.
good point …
interesting
this is a ~ 6000 ft demo tunnel. first operational, high-speed tunnel still set for chicago, pending regulatory approvals.
pretty close, actually
i think real
the first tunnel is almost done
twitter is dark souls of social media. reddit is bloodborne. insta is zelda.
good idea!
this game is my personal favorite, but i am biased towards space stuff
coming soon
turn on enhanced security via the settings page. this will require entering a passcode to use the car.
would i really let someone get away with using my name all this time?
boredelonmusk is my secret troll account. it’s time people knew.
no, bored me, i will not
maybe phone as controller
exactly
coming
reality is hard
online doesn’t count
coming soon
that’s next
had to been done ur welcome
i hope this is true!
if you don’t like a tesla for any reason or no reason, you can just give it back for a full refund
model 3 long range, rear wheel drive is still available for ordering off menu for another week or so
it’s kind of like the post office. same price for delivery to maine as the sf bay area. but you do get a free tesla factory tour, which is really fun to see.
tesla rear wheel drive cars do actually work well on snow &amp; ice. we did our traction testing on an ice lake! dual motor awd is great, but not required for cold weather. just don’t use sport/summer tires.
it’s a long range battery with fewer cells. non-cell portion of the pack is disproportionately high, but we can get it done now instead of ~february
just released lower cost, mid-range tesla model 3 &amp; super simple new order page
week or two
love the reddit comments too
dog saves her puppies
you’ll see
tomorrow brings a lemur
special circumstances
new summon will use the autopilot cameras
yes, aiming for next few months
true, but this will improve dramatically over next several months &amp; all tesla cars ever produced (except early roadsters) will get improvements for free. continuous, free over-the-air software updates is a big part of why a tesla retains so much value over time.
same goes for all countries within which we officially operate by end of next year
just reviewed tesla’s service locations in north america &amp; realized we have major gaps in geographic coverage! sorry for this foolish oversight. tesla will aim to cover all regions of na (not just big cities) within 3 to 6 months.
insightful article by david
thanks john, really admire you too! i think you’re one of the best engineers ever. hope you return to working on rockets one day.
the fsd upgrade is the tesla computer with our nn chip
i believe it’s $5k
~6 months before it is in all new production cars. no change to sensors. this is simple replacement of the autopilot computer. will be done free of charge for those who ordered full self-driving.
somewhere between 500% &amp; 2000%
to be clear, actual nn improvement is significantly overestimated in this article. v9.0 vs v8.1 is more like a ~400% increase in useful ops/sec due to enabling integrated gpu &amp; better use of discrete gpu.
this is without the tesla nn computer. per my public comments, that will give the car an extra order of magnitude.
still a long way to go
model 3 motor &amp; gearbox still in good condition after driving 1m miles. designed for ultra high endurance.
works best if you play games full screen &amp; use steering wheel scroller balls for control
haha. it is actually my fav game on tesla cars right now 😀
what are some of the most fun games we could have on a tesla? classic atari is just the start.
thanks for recognizing the great work of the tesla team! 45,000 people now.
it is time to create a mecha
nerv
great. also love princess mononoke.
love your name
maybe this could be part of a (safe) car version of pokémon go style game
towelie 💗
good idea!
whole beer keg fits in model 3 trunk!
wow, mechanical logic gates
comes with free towels. nothing more useful in the entire universe.
maybe wise to bring it just in case 👽👾 😉
about half my money is intended to help problems on earth &amp; half to help establish a self-sustaining city on mars to ensure continuation of life (of all species) in case earth gets hit by a meteor like the dinosaurs or ww3 happens &amp; we destroy ourselves
tesla exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which affects all species on earth. even if your faith in humanity is faltering, this is worth caring about. support makes a difference. thank you.
visual approximation
teslaquila coming soon …
beautiful picture
yes, it’s hard to find. not sure why.
exactly. a tesla is objectively much safer in a crash than all other cars, according to nhtsa’s *own* calculations. this is just physics!
this is incorrect
at falcon lz-1 vandenberg on sunday night with the base commander. support of much appreciated.
studebaker museum in south bend
punctuality is not my strong suit
we’d be nothing without our fans
because 11 is obviously louder than 10 😀
no such thing as a “full refresh” at tesla or even a model year. our cars are partially upgraded every month as soon as a new subsystem is ready for production. there is no cadence.
it sure does. very reliable.
you are right
a reminder of why it’s important to accelerate advent of cars powered by electricity made from solar power
you’re most welcome, glad i could be helpful! thanks for letting me know about it.
warms my ❤️ 😀
the physics of how tesla achieved best safety of any cars ever tested. note, when vehicle weight is taken into account, order is more like x,s, then 3, but they are all very close.
(credit )
falcon has landed
tesla owner shows how well ultrawhite seats hold up after 25,000 miles. the black &amp; white interior is def best imo.
my fav character
sonic boom warning. this won’t be subtle.
two — one for 👽 👾 millions of years from now and one for you
yes, but 🐻 in 🧠 that we’re creating a generalized autonomy solution. must work in millions of strange 🚘 situations.
actually, it’s 1 of 3 forward cameras in rear view mirror assembly. external cameras will auto-activate in future if car is damaged while parked.
fair point 😀
when something sounds too good to be true, it usually is. way the trick works is companies like blackrock keep up to 50% of short interest revenue, but suffer almost none of equity decline, as they’re just “passive” managers. blackrock made $597m in short lending last year!
not all. however, shorting applied to market as a whole is obv net negative — it incents negative gdp! moreover, it stops private companies from going public, preventing access by retirement funds &amp; small investors, thus increasing wealth divide.
v9 moving to wide release now. holding back autopilot drive on navigation for a few more weeks of validation. extremely difficult to achieve a general solution for self-driving that works well everywhere.
only if they’re extremely tiny
tesla owners can refer someone to buy a tesla &amp; get any image they want laser etched in glass &amp; sent to deep space for millions of years
first falcon 9 land landing mission from vandenberg air force base in california coming up soon!
the cio of a major pension fund is the one who deserves credit for uncovering this scam
the big funds can &amp; will, as they’re suffering a net loss. index managers like blackrock pocket make excessive profit from short lending while pretending to charge low rates for “passive” index tracking.
debatably true, if applied to individual stocks selectively &amp; consciously, but obv false if applied broadly to most of the market &amp; without clear consent of the shareholder
where this breaks down is in passive index funds, which constitute most of the market. the holders of those funds, mostly small investors &amp; retirement funds, don’t realize that their stocks are being lent to short sellers, diminishing their true equity return.
there is no rational basis for a long holder to lend their stock to shorts, as it dilutes the shareholder base &amp; gives the short a strong incentive to attack the company by whatever means possible, including regulators
i hope to be less wrong over time
you’re most welcome. hope to do more to help in the future.
what they do should be illegal
the last several years have taught me that they are indeed reasonably maligned
exactly. short-sellers are value destroyers. should definitely be illegal.
by revenue, taking publicly available selling prices, model 3 actually outsold camry by a factor of two
this is amazing
almost ready. we expanded the early access program to 1000 more users a few days ago.
people sometimes forget that a company is just a group of people gathered together to make products. so long as it makes great products, it will have great value.
if you think tesla is overvalued compared to probable value of future cash flows, sell. otherwise, buy.
true
sorry about the typo. that was unforgivable. why would they be upset about their mission? it’s what they do.
just want to that the shortseller enrichment commission is doing incredible work. and the name change is so on point!
great verdict 😀
could be worse 😇
naughty by nature 😉
will do. definitely moving heavily towards direct to work/home delivery of cars!
tesla will deliver your car to you. this is the future. the way it should work.
that was intense
!! will take action.
and remember …
huge thank you to all tesla supporters for helping with car deliveries all around the world. you rock!!
sorry for difficulties delivering your tesla due to high volume! critical to show that environmentally sustainable is financially sustainable.
pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
you’re welcome. sorry for the delay!
what would be great is original elite
going over final tweaks tonight. hopefully in wide release end of week.
♥️ tesla owners ♥️
increased tire pressure improves range. also, if you have performance tires, they are stickier. better handling, but slightly lower range.
apologies, we’re upgrading our logistics system, but running into an extreme shortage of car carrier trailers. started building our own car carriers this weekend to alleviate load.
tricky one
wow, thanks for offering to help! the coming week is incredibly intense. if any current tesla owners who’d like to help educate new owners could head to tesla delivery centers during midday on sat/sun &amp; morning/evening on weekdays, that would be super appreciated!
probably 2028 for a base to be built
consider an ice skater. same weight, but spins/turns much faster with arms in vs arms out. same principle is true for a car.
front vs rear wheel weight distribution, though commonly asked, isn't the right question. you can have 50% on front, 50% on rear &amp; still have poor handling if mass elements are far from center. dumbbell mass distribution is bad, spinning top/dreidel is good.
simple explanation of polar moment of inertia &amp; other important car terms at
key technical point is that the polar moment of inertia (concentration of mass around center) of a tesla, to the extent of our knowledge, is better than any other production car. this positively affects safety, handling &amp; driving feel. extremely important metric.
a car propelled by combustion is far more likely to combust than an electric car
yes, when it comes to physics, make sure newton is on your side
helps improve forward crumple zone length, especially important in high speed frontal impacts, and moments of inertia in side impacts
tesla piece on the physics of car safety coming soon for those interested in technical details
exactly, all 5 star are *not* the same, as the videos show. “5 star” just means a car met a certain threshold, but injury probability stats (real numbers) tell you by how much.
haha true
. will post final safety probability stats soon. model 3 has a shot at being safest car ever tested.
wow, glad they’re ok!
physics can be thought of as the compression algorithms of reality
31 engines, but with room to add 11 more down the road. kinda have to.
yes, if there is no listener, a simulation probably wouldn’t spend computing power on sound
true 😀
to conserve computing power, a simulation would only render an object when it is observed
you’re most welcome! sorry for the delay.
will do. love reddit.
space bar
long-term, there will be thousands and eventually, hopefully, millions of missions &amp; anyone will be able to go
yeah, starlink should be active by then
sorry! so many bots!!
moon mission will be livestreamed in high def vr, so it’ll feel like you’re there in real-time minus a few seconds for speed of light
perhaps one of the invited artists choosing to play. there will be no obligation to do so.
very close
always
that’s the first bfr airframe/tank barrel section made of a new carbon fiber material
yeah … that’s exactly how i feel. however it happens, i just hope it does.
thanks for helping fund a rocket &amp; spaceship that could take humanity beyond earth!
hanging out with before the moon mission announcement
yusaku will be bringing 8 (brave) artists &amp; cultural figures with him on the journey around the moon!
probably v10 alpha build
yes, albeit a beta version. will improve with v9.1.
good news on this front. tesla engineering rallied &amp; this will be part of v9. going through final testing now.
thank you for your trust in the team. greatly appreciated.
will be interesting to see how this evolves over time
will see what we can do. really need to bring this program to an end while being as fair as possible. it’s not sustainable long-term.
very interesting
due to some tesla owners encountering system issues yesterday, the free supercharging referral program will be extended until tomorrow night
this is definitely worth thoughtful debate. what might we do differently to improve human/life happiness?
yes, i do
top spacex priority is and will remain supporting crewed spaceflight and national security missions
btw, can’t emphasize enough how would not be where it is today without . thank you.
with lasers
my fav tweet ever
if you can help get rid of the annoying scam spammers, that would be much appreciated
maybe the scammers will just get tired of winning eventually
good catch. they are there in the flight design, but we forgot to put them in this render.
forward moving wing
sorry, we’ve gone from production hell to delivery logistics hell, but this problem is far more tractable. we’re making rapid progress. should be solved shortly.
awesome 😎
design has been changed so the 🚀 lands on legs that extend from the tips of the three fins, two of which actuate (mostly for pitch control)
sorry, it’s not really sustainable at volume production &amp; doesn’t incent optimal behavior. we probably should have ended this earlier.
yeah, that’s our problem. service &amp; parts supply in general will be the top tesla priority after we get through the insane car delivery logistics of the next few weeks.
goal is for repaired car to be better than before accident. should always be true if damaged/used parts are correctly replaced with newer parts.
exciting to see some tesla collision repair operations already completing within 24 hrs. aiming for same day soon, then under an hour.
tesla is bringing most collision repairs in-house, as outside firms take weeks to months for repairs, driving tesla owners (and us) crazy
true
tesla owners can grant free supercharging for life to a friend who buys s/3/x. ends tomorrow night.
hi dustin!
the tesla board has done incredible work overseeing the largest value creation in the auto industry in 100+ years, despite many setbacks. tesla owes its very existence to this board!
the muskrat is like a beaver with small ideas, but it has a certain quiet dignity …
haha 😀
intentionally so
electric cars made with sunlight
bricks will be free if used for affordable housing projects
first boring brick store opening in ~2 months. only 10 cents a brick! rated for california seismic loads.
about to finish first tbc hq building made with boring bricks in the shape of a medieval watchtower
. will transport your car all the way into your garage
thoughtful feedback
due to a large increase in vehicle delivery volume in north america, tesla customers may experience longer response times. resolving this is our top priority.
my apologies, am working on this exact issue right now
best show in the multiverse!
no, service will stock all colors
love that red. we tried every possible way to make red look 3d without floating a special red tint in primary gloss layer, but no way. we have to stop whole paint shop for red &amp; it looks like an episode of dexter.
moving 2 of 7 tesla colors off menu on wednesday to simplify manufacturing. obsidian black &amp; metallic silver will still be available as special request, but at higher price.
looks cool
not easy coming up with a good cover story for an underground volcano lair, but i think it’s working
test-driving our new boring machine with a 🎮
2170 is about the right cell size, but i don’t recommend copying our current module design. far too difficult to manufacture.
like sands through the hourglass …
10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary &amp; those who don’t 🦊🐶
will do soon, as promised
not me, i’m gonna die right here in the usa. or mars. just not on impact.
i am a business magnet
good times with …
will add a fade mode with only essential info
tesla 1st, 2nd &amp; 3rd in august sales
will be on at 9:30pm pacific on thursday
am running it in my car, but it’s not right yet. hopefully, will release to advanced early access users in a week or two, then more broadly towards end of month.
much appreciated! great word-of-mouth is why model 3 is the best-selling electric car, despite no advertising or paid endorsements.
the multi-coat colors (pearl white &amp; red) are hardest, red especially, as it has red tint in the clear coat layer itself for depth &amp; complexity
sorry, we’ve put pretty extreme rules in place for paint &amp; quality in general. if need be, we’re repainting/replacing entire sections of car or building whole new cars. got to be done.
can steve bannon please insult me some more? best pr i’ve had in a while.
i was told that his parents preferred that his name not be mentioned
v cool
so you actually did nothing &amp; yet imply you are a truth-seeker. the twitter name you chose is .
answer the question . you brought it up, not me. did you investigate or not? if so, what did you actually do?
at this point, i want eth even if it is a scam
did you investigate at all? i’m guessing answer is no. why?
it’s coming, i swear
you don’t think it’s strange he hasn’t sued me? he was offered free legal services. and you call yourself …
great actions by twitter to delete bogus accounts. will increase usage by real users.
for the record, my voice cracked once during the ny times article. that’s it. there were no tears.
sure :)
i want that outfit
the world lost a great man in john mccain. he was an honorable, kind, brave and fundamentally decent human being. if only there were more such people in the world.
this is why a small company with tight focus &amp; high energy can beat a big company without
this is utterly false. fossil fuel merchants of doubt have been pushing that bs for years. tesla gigafactory will be 100% renewable powered (by tesla solar) by end of next year.
most people don’t realize that the cost of operating an electric vehicle is much lower than a gas car. electricity is way cheaper than gas plus no oil changes, tune-ups,smog checks &amp; other service costs.
most major customers have tried it &amp; love it. now we need to finish production design &amp; build it, while avoiding dumb mistakes made with model 3 production system. wish it wasn’t so hard to be less stupid over time …
maybe …
this was key showstopper for me personally. couldn’t make it happen, even through expert fiduciary spv, without creating exotic trust structure that would prob not be accepted by regulators. current rules have good intentions, but make wealth creation harder for small investors.
the extension cord was 1000 miles long, but still
what’s cool is that it was driven across the country alone (no escort or any accompanying vehicles), using the existing tesla supercharger network and an extension cord
in talking to our public investors, most were supportive of optimizing for long-term value creation over quarterly earnings. this was also a factor in remaining public.
it’s almost done
yes 😀🖤🚀, looks brutal otherwise
this is actually real
this time, the vacuum tunnel will be a bit longer &amp; spacex will provide some advance funding for student teams with most promising designs. bonus award for all race pods that exceed half the speed of sound!
tesla car karaoke hopefully ready in ota software update version 10. just played missile command, asteroids &amp; lunar lander in v9. really fun!
i was just there. cardboard being prepped for recycling along southern fence line caught fire. super appreciate fast response by fremont fire dept! no injuries or damage to factory.
goal is to service your car wherever you are, quietly &amp; quickly. no need to bring it to a tesla service center.
love born in the brain is more spirited, doubtless, than true love, but it has only flashes of enthusiasm; it knows itself too well, it criticizes itself incessantly; so far from banishing thought, it is itself reared only upon a structure of thought. 🖤the red and the black♥️
so many saved drafts. so … so many.
i’m dying to
cool, lmk if you have suggestions for improvement after you drive it
thank you for the thoughtful letter
thanks for buying our car! would highly recommend performance version. it’s really good &amp; i don’t say that lightly. nothing will give you greater joy. full refund, no hard feelings if not.
coming soon
definitely
instagram is so thirsty, yet gives you death by water
didn’t “like” it
really makes me wanna buy rice krispies
excession
read eliot’s notes on the waste land
version 10
ford &amp; tesla are the only 2 american car companies to avoid bankruptcy. i just got home from the factory. you think this is an option. it is not.
super appreciate free concert for tesla during this intense time! 🖤🖤
great meeting you!
nvidia makes great hardware. high respect for jensen &amp; company. our hardware needs were just unique &amp; matched tightly to our software.
model 3 review by unbox ... via
missile command &amp; lunar lander already working in dev build. we changed the control mapping for max fun on a touchscreen.
defeating traffic is the ultimate boss battle
blue too
i’m excited to work with silver lake and goldman sachs as financial advisors, plus wachtell, lipton, rosen &amp; katz and munger, tolles &amp; olson as legal advisors, on the proposal to take tesla private
open to it at some point. you did an impressive amount of work on this article.
mostly accurate, even though i didn’t do an interview (or pose for cover)
good idea, we will add this feature!
model 3 traction testing on pure ice &amp; snow
great q&amp;a last night. thanks for helping make tesla &amp; spacex more secure! planning to open-source tesla vehicle security software for free use by other car makers. extremely important to a safe self-driving future for all.
thanks, great feedback. will be a fun project for tesla design. love the idea of adding a special item every few months, so whenever you go into a tesla store, there is something new &amp; delightful to see.
production design will be better, especially in details. we are dying to do this, but primary focus must remain on making affordable version of model 3 &amp; bringing y to market
he was amazing
busted
and thigh high socks with pockets for lipliner &amp; cards
of course
unis3x
paired with thigh-high sockboots
what are your fav short shorts?
short shorts coming soon to tesla merch
put them on &amp; post a selfie
.. hqr sz wut.
love this from p&amp;p: “one has got all the goodness, and the other all the appearance of it.” reminds me so of my nana, who was very stern &amp; strict &amp; yet kindest of all. believe in good.
those are the new design made of titanium. doesn’t need heat shielding or even paint.
sorry, meant to say same timeframe as hardware
probably 4 to 6 months. those who order full self-driving get the upgrade at no cost. it isn’t needed just for enhanced autopilot.
tesla deliveries &amp; ap hardware chart by at mit
def no forced sales. hope all shareholders remain. will be way smoother &amp; less disruptive as a private company. ends negative propaganda from shorts.
yes, but liquidity events would be limited to every 6 months or so (like spacex)
no change
shareholders could either to sell at 420 or hold shares &amp; go private
absolutely. am super appreciative of tesla shareholders. will ensure their prosperity in any scenario.
i don’t have a controlling vote now &amp; wouldn’t expect any shareholder to have one if we go private. i won’t be selling in either scenario.
good morning 😀
am considering taking tesla private at $420. funding secured.
maybe thursday
that’s right provided the two crew dragon test flights go well. hardware will def be ready.
great work by . need the neural interface soon to enable human/ai symbiosis.
we’re working on a new tesla mini-car that can squeeze in an adult
model s p100d is def still the top end, but model 3 performance is higher value for money
early access will have bugs (usually minor, but you never know for sure), so would not advise early access unless you’re prepared to have something go wrong
everywhere …
much more interesting
games &amp; other refinements will go to all tesla s, x &amp; 3 from start of production. autopilot enhancements apply to all model 3’s plus s &amp; x made in last few years (needs autopilot hardware v2.0 or higher).
glad you’re enjoying model 3 &amp; thanks for buying a tesla! major enhancements to autopilot &amp; fun games coming in a month with v9.0.
def worth it. model 3 performance is next-level.
🖤 tracey “… before i knew it, i was writing to the guardian …” 🤣🤣🤣
thanks for the tip. his attention to detail is excellent.
the humans
love the handmaiden. director also made original korean oldboy.
performance model 3 review by
dang, turns out even hitler was shorting tesla stock …
squirrels …
will work with current hardware. ota update.
definitely
bioshock is amazing
if you’re into video game development, consider applying to tesla. we want to make super fun games that integrate the center touch screen, phone &amp; car irl.
cool idea!
good idea &amp; thanks for supercharger trophy reminder. really want to make the car as fun as possible!
hoping to include last three in this release, with pole position linked to actual car steering wheel (while stationary tbc haha)
we will try to squeeze it in
what are your favorites?
some of best classic games coming as easter eggs in tesla v9.0 release in about 4 weeks. thanks !
falcon 9 launches iridium to orbit from vandenberg air force base
tragic. will send einhorn a box of short shorts to comfort him through this difficult time.
and most of remaining 0.14% is jupiter. we are tiny dust on tiny dust.
science ♥️🔬💫
oh yeah? i’ll see ur expert &amp; raise you a chris mckay 🌏🚀👨‍🔬 😀
tesla body shops are ramping up fast. aiming to go from 30+ days using external body repair shops to same day body repair with prestocked parts at tesla service centers.
will leave any comment on actions in flint to those in flint
can’t wait to bring tesla to brazil. one of my favorite countries!
we should be really worried about this
yeah, model 3 is designed to fit 6’4” adults comfortably in both front &amp; rear seats at same time
we’re adding a “party &amp; camper mode” soon to s/3/x, so your car can maintain air flow, temp, selective lights, music &amp; power devices for 48 hours or more while parked. big batteries rock …
not having a big gas guzzler engine in front means there’s room for trunks in front &amp; back, plus longer crumple zone for best safety of any midsize car
hard drive industry is hardcore. they build &gt;100 million units per year with extreme precision &amp; brutal economics. great background.
there’s a massive amount of co2 on mars adsorbed into soil that’d be released upon heating. with enough energy via artificial or natural (sun) fusion, you can terraform almost any large, rocky body.
yes, minifloats
we tried out a new delivery system using an enclosed trailer straight from factory to owner’s home, so super convenient &amp; car arrives in pristine condition without wasting plastic wrap
was listening to jon hopkins’ singularity with c, but posted this instead
have wanted to for so long, but that would be irresponsible
all are important. you will see.
8-bit floating point?
if any formula instantiates reality, it’s probably that
think once, tweet twice [do it]
nothing is both real &amp; imaginary
the future is accelerating
probably ships next summer
side boosters, yes, but too much load through center core
this is great.
thanks phil
machines that go “ping”
what’s technology?
worth another retweet. hope dan neil returns to twitter. he left due to relentless attacks from short-sellers, who constantly peddle fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt about tesla. dan won the pulitzer &amp; is considered by many to be the best car critic in the world.
explains why there are so many cat videos
localized electro-magnetic field generators
thanks for taking a chance on so many years ago! looking forward to using the new iridium constellation.
wagnerian
great!
we’ve gone from ~1000 s/x deliveries per week in us last year to ~6000 s/3/x. it’s like hitting a square wave.
we’re trying to get rid of contracts completely. should just be “tap here &amp; you get your car”. then, if you don’t like it for any reason, just return it like any other product.
yeah. never seen it so high ever.
wow, that’s really awesome. thank you! ♥️
haha
only costs that actually apply to q3 &amp; beyond will be counted. it would not be correct to apply historical cost savings to current quarter.
wall street
congratulations to all teams in the student competition! to make high-speed pods that can operate in vacuum is very difficult. was great to meet everyone!
exactly. overheat protection is always on, but you can also tap “maintain” &amp; your car will hold a cool or warm temp for a few hours while parked.
yes, tesla model s, x &amp; 3 all automatically keep cabin temperature within safe limits even when parked
makes me very sad indeed, but also the fault is mine by far
he’s a good guy
always look on the bright side of life …
it is much better
sorry 🤗
i love that scene
i made that up tbh. they did not have phones during the french revolution. they used friendster.
don’t make me bite my thumb at you
for sure
btw, 1792 is calling &amp; wants its method of execution back. seriously, what museum do you plan to raid?
yeah, great point. underground power lines would clear up the skyline, be safer to service, have better uptime &amp; save lives of many birds.
no kidding
yes, that will probably be its first use
phew 😅. yeah, we had a drain block 3 months ago &amp; people are working hard to make tesla successful. am honored to work with them. are you trolling for fun or is it part of a job? what motivates you?
i apologized. do you stand by your guillotine statement or not?
figuratively, literally or both?
this chart only shows globally competed commercial launches, not us government missions. “other us” refers to boeing &amp; lockheed. their skill at obtaining govt contracts &amp; subsidies vastly exceeds ours.
dunno where this bs is coming from. who knows about the future, but last week we had over 2000 s/x and 5000 model 3 *new* net orders.
definitely. we gave up some grip &amp; width in exchange for range. would recommend stickier tires &amp; wider on rear for best performance. you might get 3.3 sec 0-60 mph or better with optimized rims &amp; tires.
thanks dan, you are a tough reviewer, so this means a lot coming from you. please lmk even smallest nuance that can be improved.
wow, someone has really thought about this!
i wish
as this well-written article suggests, my words were spoken in anger after mr. unsworth said several untruths &amp; suggested i engage in a sexual act with the mini-sub, which had been built as an act of kindness &amp; according to specifications from the dive team leader.
good point
i have never donated to a superpac
yes, about 0.5% of what i donated to , which is a reasonable amount to maintain an open dialogue
reports that i am a top donor to gop are categorically false. i am not a top donor to any political party.
thank you for fighting climate change. this affects every living creature on earth.
that said, i do not actually see the checks (changed that policy today). a nominal annual amount goes out automatically to both parties to maintain dialogue. i have given vastly more to humanitarian causes.
so that they are willing to listen when i call to object about issues that negatively affect humanity
thanks jack. to be clear, i am not a conservative. am registered independent &amp; politically moderate. doesn’t mean i’m moderate about all issues. humanitarian issues are extremely important to me &amp; i don’t understand why they are not important to everyone.
actually true
hold up a mirror &amp; see if it fogs
i’m honored to work with an amazing group of people at tesla, but always happy to talk to an ace who might want to join
safe to lick. i checked.
in a month or so
will check with our cat, schrödinger, but i don’t think she’s going to like it
spoiler alert. next thing you’ll tell me is they don’t like pajamas.
feels like a show &amp; tell weekend. i wonder what the cat dragged in …
don’t be too quick to lick. that could go wrong. look closely &amp; smell first. ur welcome.
lvl 16 neutral good half-elf fighter/magic-user
wizard alien 🧙‍♂️👽
yeah, but i got 100 gp &amp; roc feather of never-ending tickles
wrote in grimoire, joined fellowship
interesting read
whether you plan to buy a dual motor performance model 3 or not, take it for a test drive anyway. it’s like having pure fun jacked straight into your brain whenever you want.
performance version suspension is 1cm lower &amp; has stronger brakes in upgrade package
happy birthday, malala! happy to support.
gathering input this week, will begin taking action next week and let people know how they can help
even have the url
hmm, could def make some pretty sweet high-tech micro-missiles in arrow form
if you have cool arrows, you’re in
ok, thanks. will let you know.
sure, will call tomorrow
they should go where their heart takes them, but some of the boys seem to be interested in physics &amp; engineering
excellent meetings with senior leaders in china. very thoughtful about the long-term future.
would love to. it’s been too long.
prob early next year
just finished an amazing 3 day visit to china. the world has never seen human energy &amp; vigor at such scale. incredibly impressed with tesla china team &amp; potential for the future.
sure 🌌 💫
look, at least it’s not the magellanic clouds. they’re basically next door.
just between us, i have a teleportation stargate to the andromeda galaxy. it’s amazing.
so true
the pumps i saw were running v high flow rate all the way from cave 3. they stopped shortly after boys were rescued &amp; water level rose to roof level all way back to cave 1. that was great work.
sounds good
glad to hear that. engineering team also getting feedback from the british dive team on how to improve the design for future applications.
it will happen for sure. damn.
lots of fake accounts on twitter characterized by high following/follower ratio to make it seem like many real people when it isn’t. wonder why.
damn, now i want donuts 🍩
yeah
good point. maybe use non-plumbers with work inspected/approved by pros.
you’re right on both counts. most houses in flint have safe water, but they’ve lost faith in govt test results. some houses are still outliers. will organize a weekend in flint to add filters to those houses with issues &amp; hopefully fix perception of those that are actually good.
maybe rewarding to organize a barnstorming weekend for water filter installation?
for now, reply to my tweet with ppm &amp; ppb test results &amp; will send someone to install a water filter. creating email flint.com, but i’m in china so that won’t be working until tomorrow.
please consider this a commitment that i will fund fixing the water in any house in flint that has water contamination above fda levels. no kidding.
great move
why sir … 😊
stockholm: it’s not just a syndrome
good point
definitely. can’t wait to try that. been a little distracted past few months on mostly tesla matters, but back at it soon.
yes, and springy, like a highly damped trampoline
well … it looked smaller on paper
catching rocket fairings falling from space has proven tricky, so we made the net really big
yes. caves are now filled with water again. difficulty of passage is massively dependent on water level. little kids can walk/swim in when low, but it can be deadly to pro divers when high. pump &amp; generator engineering team deserves some credit for the rescue.
it sometimes feels like reality is a moral filter. i suppose that is what religion tells us. wonder what i should do differently.
makes a lot of sense
this reaction has shaken my opinion of many people. we were asked to create a backup option &amp; worked hard to do so. checked with dive team many times to confirm it was worthwhile. now it’s there for anyone who needs it in future. something’s messed up if this is not a good thing.
thanks for correcting me. i meant to say over half a million people.
please lmk contamination levels of any kind when you test the water
please lmk results of your water tests
when you’re there next week, are you planning to test water sources for lead?
should be very soon. we’ve already made around 100 model 3 performance cars for test drives in stores.
exactly
no, it means i created jobs for 50,000 people directly and, through parts suppliers &amp; supporting professions, ~250,000 people indirectly, thus supporting half a million families. what have you done?
already have
ironically, the “billionaire” label, when used by media, is almost always meant to devalue &amp; denigrate the subject. i wasn’t called that until my companies got to a certain size, but reality is that i still do the same science &amp; engineering as before. just the scale has changed.
good for rescuing vulnerable patients in dangerous environments, particularly if water, toxic gas or dangerous bacteria/viruses present, as patient would remain dry &amp; at std air pressure entire time.
yes, it was specifically designed to pass that point
moreover, based on extensive cave video review &amp; discussion with several divers who know journey, spacex engineering is absolutely certain that mini-sub can do entire journey &amp; demonstrate at any time.
the former thai provincial governor (described inaccurately as “rescue chief”) is not the subject matter expert. that would be dick stanton, who co-led the dive rescue team. this is our direct correspondence:
great news that they made it out safely. congratulations to an outstanding rescue team!
just returned from cave 3. mini-sub is ready if needed. it is made of rocket parts &amp; named wild boar after kids’ soccer team. leaving here in case it may be useful in the future. thailand is so beautiful.
that would be cool. i wonder what it’s like under all that ice.
a second one that is 30cm shorter is almost complete
yes. those videos are from this morning.
according to divers who have made the passage, yes. however, we also made an exact replica that is inflatable, so that the entire path can be tested without risk of blockage.
simulating maneuvering through a narrow passage
thanks, but we’ve not done anything useful yet. it is all other people.
according to divers who have made the journey, this is capable of maneuvering through all passages
mini-sub arriving in about 17 hours. hopefully useful. if not, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
thanks for letting us use your pool
it is an honor to work with them
with some mods, this could also work as an escape pod in space
i want to know who is running the etherium scambots! mad skillz …
it is both alarming &amp; explanatory that you run a psych ward
diver weight belts wrapped around outside. mini-sub only weighs ~40kg dry, so easy to carry on long dry sections of cave, then add weight belts for wet sections.
yeah, that sounds cool. music makes things better. calms the mind. adding padded wall pockets for a hand radio &amp; phone/music player.
aluminum shell has high thermal conductivity, so will be close to ambient. if ambient is cold, a thin layer of neoprene insulation around interior will keep occupant warm.
buoyancy adjusted by strapping diver weight belts around body of capsule. they’re prevented from sliding off by the 6 diver handhold attachments.
testing for 3 more hours in la, then it’s on a plane to thailand
design based on dive team feedback (primarily stanton): 4 air / oxygen ports front &amp; rear, front ports protected by nosecone. dual o-ring seal on acrylic rear plate with clear view of occupant head. leak/buckling proof to 10x cave water pressure.
i am an engineer
tight control code is always c
python is done right. great name story too.
if i am a narcissist (which might be true), at least i am a useful one
pretty close. there is a nosecone on the front to protect against rocks impacting fwd air hoses with a hole on the side for hoses to exit.
given chiang rai airport hours, soonest we could’ve departed us was an hour ago, but cave now closed for diver rescue. will continue testing in la in case needed later or for somewhere else in future.
will do. even if not useful here, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
extremely talented dive team. makes sense given monsoon. godspeed.
fitted for a kid or small adult to minimize open air. segmented compartments to place rocks or dive weights &amp; adjust bouyancy.
4 handles/hitch points on front &amp; 4 on rear. 2 air tank connections on front &amp; 2 on rear, allowing 1 to 4 tanks simultaneously connected, all recessed for impact protection w secondary cap seal if leak develops.
i’m in la working with the spacex team building the kid mini-sub
construction complete in about 8 hours, then 17 hour flight to thailand
continue to be amazed by the bravery, resilience &amp; tenacity of kids &amp; diving team in thailand. human character at its best.
got more great feedback from thailand. primary path is basically a tiny, kid-size submarine using the liquid oxygen transfer tube of falcon rocket as hull. light enough to be carried by 2 divers, small enough to get through narrow gaps. extremely robust.
ground winds would
yes. all-weather. ~300km/h high altitude winds. ~60km/h ground winds. it’s a beast.
can’t be too buoyant
some good feedback from cave experts in thailand. iterating with them on an escape pod design that might be safe enough to try. also building an inflatable tube with airlocks. less likely to work, given tricky contours, but great if it does.
good idea
prob wise to add an air tank (butt end fwd to take impacts) in nose of pod &amp; vent valve in rear. set air tank to slow bleed rate, then no need for scuba mouthpiece or regulator. training unnecessary &amp; less susceptible to panic attack.
you’re welcome. happy birthday! 🎁🎉🎂
yeah, that’s what i’m talking about in that tweet — double-layer kevlar pressure pod with teflon coating. other approach is a long inflatable air sock. both worth trying.
exactly. you can put socks on your feet the same way. there would be no relative motion between the tube &amp; rock wall.
it’s open so that others who are closer to the problem can consider this as one possible solution
should be possible to increase the air inflow rate above the leak rate, unless there is a very big hole. if oxygen % is dropping, suggests that leak holes are not large.
i would def recommend this
building double-layer kevlar pressure pods with teflon coating to slip by rocks &amp; front/rear rope tow hitch &amp; lead pockets for neutral buoyancy. ~60 cm oval. testing this aft in a pool with a subject who has never done scuba. do the divers think something like this might work?
interesting
great, thanks
inflatable tubes &amp; pods being made out of kevlar for better abrasion resistance. a spacex engineer happens to be in thailand &amp; is headed there now. could one of the divers dm me? need approx contour of most difficult sections for tube fab.
so long as air pressure in tube higher than water pressure, air will blow out &amp; water won’t come in
does you know output voltage &amp; amperage of those generator trucks? 3 phase? what frequency? will need high voltage transformer to carry power over distance or very thick cable. beyond that, only batteries will work. will prep powerwalls in case needed.
spacex &amp; boring co engineers headed to thailand tomorrow to see if we can be helpful to govt. there are probably many complexities that are hard to appreciate without being there in person.
looks like 1st bit of water is close enough to entrance to be pumped out. 2nd &amp; 3rd would need battery packs, air pumps &amp; tubes. if depth of 2nd is accurate, would need ~0.5 bar tube pressure. prob need to enter tube, zip up &amp; then transit.
have a small velcro slit entrance &amp; exit in circumferential direction (half stress of longitudinal direction)
walking speed is around 5km/h, but if you’re in an air tube, time doesn’t matter much. if tube diameter was 1.5m, a fast walk of 5km would take 40 mins or so. just need to duck for the narrow sections.
maybe worth trying: insert a 1m diameter nylon tube (or shorter set of tubes for most difficult sections) through cave network &amp; inflate with air like a bouncy castle. should create an air tunnel underwater against cave roof &amp; auto-conform to odd shapes like the 70cm hole.
i know you &amp; believe you, but it means lopez misled readers in her article, because that is exactly what she said
i didn’t ask anyone and the people who sent the snapshots don’t work for me. they just don’t like hypocrites.
they were sent to me by multiple people on the internet. i don’t use facebook.
lopez wrote that melissa lee of cnbc was “dancing her face off” with chanos in vegas. is this true?
why did publish a love letter puff piece about chanos’s cuff links? who took the pic? obv not objective
. posted on social media that she was partying in vegas with chanos &amp; tepper with caption “love both these dudes”. doesn’t sound very objective
norwegians are right to be upset with tesla. we are having trouble expanding our service facilities in oslo especially. can solve quickly with tesla mobile service vans, but awaiting govt permission to do so.
are you 100% certain that stands by &amp; supports everything she’s done? why won’t lopez go on record saying that she never offered tripp anything for inside info or asked him to break his confidentiality agreement by taking detailed video of tesla ip?
sounds fishy. how did that go down?
so publicly stated she stans for chanos, tesla’s most prominent short-seller. in her words, he is “one of the greatest.” her articles print chanos’s view verbatim. this is not journalism.
. you stated publicly that you “see eye to eye” with chanos, the most prominent short-seller of tesla. have you ever provided him with material non-public information about tesla?
what a coincidence …
am not attacking all media or even all of . just asked if you inform public about an analyst’s prediction track record about a subject when putting them on your show.
indeed, very simple question. to be specific: , did you compensate or promise to compensate martin tripp for inside information about tesla? did he, under that inducement, provide you with exaggerated negative info, which you printed, but turned out to be untrue?
exactly. , i just asked a simple question. please answer.
strange. , is it true that you are putting on analysts with such low ratings &amp; extremely bad prediction records? are your viewers informed about an analyst’s track record before hearing their opinion.
note, no one is in the car or controlling remotely. car is driving entirely by itself.
sounds very sketchy if true. , is it possible you’re serving as an inside trading source for one of tesla’s biggest short-sellers? an ex-tesla employee just went on record formally claiming you bribed him &amp; he sent you valuable tesla ip in exchange. is this true?
wow, so of wrote article that misled public about model 3 production &amp; followed that up with mean tweet to me on my bday. nice work &amp; .
., why did you mislead the people public about this number?
. is relentlessly negative about tesla. they just wrote a bogus article saying s production last week was low by 800 cars. s/x annual prod is set at ~100k, ie 1,900/week. tesla built 1,913 s/x cars at our standard ~50/50 split last week, which is right on target.
happy to support
boring co has advanced ground penetrating radar &amp; is pretty good at digging holes. don’t know if pump rate is limited by electric power or pumps are too smal. if so, could dropship fully charged powerpacks and pumps.
belfast is beautiful
no, was just there with my kids for a few hours to see the got set &amp; had dinner at a pub. love the show and grrm’s books.
should be coming soon
i will buy tons of your merch
very early on, we had the ability to use the car as a battery outputting power. maybe worth revisiting that.
camera &amp; onboard neural net should detect. if very close (below 15 ft), will show up on ultrasonics
ok, will look into it
i suspect that the thai govt has this under control, but i’m happy to help if there is a way to do so
you never know ..
⚡️loona⚡️
ideas &amp; corrections that could make a product or service better are always welcome
yeah i like icp
noted
wow, model a. that’s cool.
whoop whoop
the spice flows
no problem, happy to donate some personally
sure
looking into this. will fix if so.
7000 cars, 7 days ♥️ tesla team ♥️
then what’s this wand for?
who likes short shorts?
or at least the closest thing to magic that exists in the real world
excession
engineering is magic
love awesomo
space laser
spacebow
everything is sentient, especially sentience
if the rules force defeat, the rules must change
the spice. must. flow.
open the knaack hal
… the money
follow the 🐇
busted. it’s me.
that pretty much proves it isn’t me
certianly glad i’m not one them. phew!
sad news. he wrote some epic sci fi.
thanks bill
paint shop
that’s cool. one of my favorite lines! monty python is so brilliant.
oh, i love trap. good suggestions welcome!
and one more thing, your father smells of 🍒 and i 💨 in your general direction
appreciate all the good wishes. first bday i’ve spent in the factory, but it’s somehow the best.
we didn’t steal his mug crayon drawing of a farting unicorn, we didn’t benefit from it, we don’t want it, and we still offered to pay for it. you are a jackass.
happily for the victorious 🐌, he is indeed still far faster than godot. line-storm comes closer to nipping at his heel (?), but prufrock will make it a true nail-biter race!
bronco rocks
no standard automotive solution could be built in time, so we created a new solution. it is working &amp; has slightly higher quality than the more traditional general assembly line. perhaps most surprising is that the total cost of production in the sprung tent is lower.
all tesla vehicles come with cabin overheat protection
i hate whole idea of brands and branding. so much bs. i hope it messes with our brand. brands suck.
sir, this will not be some a dainty little buttercup of a truck! driver’s seat will be big enough to fit andré the giant (love that guy).
400 to 500 mile option definitely. higher, maybe.
for sure
should be easy to add as a feature like calendar
you’re welcome!
yes. highly recommend doing so btw.
that will be standard
that goes without saying
300,000 lb towing capacity
it will
for sure! when doing us govt crash safety testing, the model s roof was so strong, it broke their testing machine.
wow, great idea! since it will already have a tesla pneumatics system, it totally makes sense to add a utility port.
pickup truck will have power outlets allowing use of heavy duty 240v, high power tools in field all day. no generator needed.
the tesla truck will have dual motor all-wheel drive w crazy torque &amp; a suspension that dynamically adjusts for load. those will be standard.
it will parallel park automatically &amp; have 360 degree cameras &amp; sonar
what would you love to see in a tesla pickup truck? i have a few things in mind, but what do you think are small, but important nuances &amp; what would be seriously next level?
“virtue signaling” is super annoying &amp; there are lots of phoneys who are actually huge jerks, but jump on every social cause du jour. but i’m really proud of the fact that # of changes tesla had to make to achieve 100/100 (before even knowing about the lgbtq index) was zero.
don’t buy our car if that’s a problem. people should be free to live their lives where their heart takes them ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜🖤💖🌈
then you will really hate that tesla scored 100/100 four years in a row on lgbtq equality
we must aspire to truth
important to read the wash post article. the “unable to account for” number does not refer to actual lost children. it refers to calls not answered or returned in a 30 day period.
hopefully in v9.0 release in a few months
true
we should always be concerned about the welfare of children &amp; those who cannot protect themselves, wherever they may be, but it seems much of the reporting on this issue has been partisan &amp; often inaccurate
“… of the 7,635 children, 6,075 remained where they were placed, 52 had moved, 28 had run away and five were deported. that left 1,475 migrant children. just because their parents or guardians did not return hhs’s phone calls after 30 days does not mean the children are missing”
“all 7,635 children were resettled by hhs. after 30 days, the department called the parents or guardians to check up on things. but these calls were not required by law, and in 1,475 cases, the parents or guardians did not respond”
this washington post article seems good
as individuals, we will all die in blink of an eye on a galactic timescale. what can live on for long time is civilization. those who first go to other planets will face far more risk of death &amp; hardship than those who stay. over time, space travel will be safe &amp; open to all.
this doesn’t take into account shifting trillions of tons of carbon from subsurface to atmosphere, which could accelerate overheating time by a factor of a million (or so). this is why tesla.
humanity is not perfect, but it’s all we’ve got
could be very close call. earth is ~4.5b years old &amp; sun will expand to heat earth beyond livable temp in ~0.5b years, so if advent of civilization took 10% longer, it wouldn’t have happened at all.
let’s find out. it would be amazing to encounter an alien civilization, provided it is not their invasion fleet! 🛸 🛸 🛸 🛸 🛸 🛸 🛸 🛸 🛸 🛸
good news coming soon
yes, we are essentially a steward of life &amp; duty-bound imo to ensure its continuance
life is good
it is unknown whether we are the only civilization currently alive in the observable universe, but any chance that we are is added impetus for extending life beyond earth
this is why we must preserve the light of consciousness by becoming a spacefaring civilization &amp; extending life to other planets
so strange
critical autonomous safety features like emergency braking are standard, but convenience features like active cruise control are not
it’s a tough call. reality is that it will be pretty easy to bully a self-driving car, as it will always yield. will prob have a manual override that requires continuous press for hardcore lane changes.
we considered going beyond mad max to “la freeway” level, but that’s too loco
it’s real
thanks!
cyborg dragon tesla almost done
almost forgot sinclair zx spectrum &amp; spectravideo before pc. sinclair had amazing games, especially elite.
🚀 road, hawthorne
420 haha
he had a way with words
i was dying to use the word sus
working in the factory
expanding the tour soon. so many cool things to see. tesla car factory has 3rd largest footprint of any building on earth. maybe 1st if you include all our sweet tents ⛺️😜
looks so sus when we paint cars red
which rolls out today
will be there in next release
so big you can’t believe it
srsly
tesla factory rn
good catch!
exactly 🤖♥️
what is my purpose? sentient seats.
thanks 🖤
at fremont until late tonight, giga tomorrow, fremont sunday. ga4 is great, but have to say that ga3 crew is pulling off miracles against all odds.
infinity work, the reality game
that would be tricky to sequence, but maybe
was thinking of offering an extended tesla factory tour option where you could help build part of a car &amp; understand how they come together. i know it would have been super fun for me when i was a kid (or now).
it’s called top secret
when i was a kid, i built model airplanes, trainsets, rockets (mixed my own powder), explosives (kinda surprised i still have all fingers), a radio, lots of software. built a primitive mri machine in college.
yeah, but i’m not sure what the big deal is. i like building things. if that ends up being useful work too, even better.
we will add a config to lower the alert
apply light force to the steering wheel. alert is being changed to this text.
thanks for the feedback, will investigate
sure
congratulations!
it’s actually pretty fun building electric cars. product is useful to other people &amp; good for environment. i think that’s fundamental goodness.
btw, if anyone else wants to build this tunnel, please do so. it’s a lot of work.
stop being such a jacobin 🐈🧙‍♂️
frank herbert &amp; falcon heavy
without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. the sleeper must awaken. fh …
dune. the spice must flow.
“we power the press” in 1997. ironic.
crazy, that was over 22 years ago. thanks for believing in us!
there is more, but the actions of a few bad apples will not stop tesla from reaching its goals. with 40,000 people, the worst 1 in 1000 will have issues. that’s still ~40 people.
today. it’s kinda there in us with welfare but rules are messed up and amount is too low.
also think there should be a universal basic income that doesn’t change even if you get a job. productivity should be rewarded.
because honey is a vegetable
considerably less so than our competitors (longer discussion)
yes, consumption tax is way better. also, higher estate tax better than income/cap gains tax. probability of progeny being equally excellent at capital allocation is not high.
exactly
he’s obv wrong. forcing function for any 100% mkt share monopolist to improve is weak &amp; a national govt is that by fiat. one may find lowish correlation for negativity, but that does not mean low causation.
great name. a little on the nose.
that’s really decision about how good you think govt is at allocating capital. buffett, for example, is vastly better than any govt at allocating capital. consumption vs capital allocation extremely misunderstood. biggest missing piece in public understanding of what “money” is.
yeah, all-inclusive tax rate of 40% seems about right. below 30% is unrealistic for critical govt functions unless national defense is de facto outsourced &amp; above 50% too negatively affects economic output.
cool video
thank you for helping those in need
to be clear, tesla european headquarters will remain in netherlands
that’s ridiculous, lions can’t vote, they don’t even have opposable thumbs. also, they’d need 61%, so no.
germany is a leading choice for europe. perhaps on the german-french border makes sense, near the benelux countries
original star wars
hahaha
will do. am enquiring on many channels. regards to scott.
do you know anyone who has gone there?
where are they?
just because i donate doesn’t mean i support every last thing a person or organization does, but i like all the people i’ve met from . they really care about doing good.
i am one of the top donors to
i couldn’t even keep the us in the paris accord, but if there is some way for me to help these kids i will do so
i think so
i hope the kids are ok
shelter
you’re probably right. maybe after tesla drama calms down.
i’m at the factory a lot. pretty good workout just walking around. it’s big.
they look beautiful
will maybe do a media tour next week. team deserves recognition. this was miraculous.
it’s actually way better than the factory building. more comfortable &amp; a great view of the mountains.
not sure we actually need a building. this tent is pretty sweet. tesla grohmann line is in place at giga &amp; spooling up now. they super kicked ass too. heiliger strohsack!
they also poured the concrete &amp; built the whole assembly line using scrap we had in warehouses. and it’s way better than the other ga line that cost hundreds of millions!
needed another general assembly line to reach 5k/week model 3 production. a new building was impossible, so we built a giant tent in 2 weeks. tesla team kfa!! gah, love them so much ♥️🚘💫
you’re welcome, bad fiction writer 78
dude, we are california, which is extremely pro union. people can form a union tomorrow &amp; nothing tesla could do to stop it. uaw can’t even get enough sigs to request a vote, cause they have nothing to offer.
your union brothers
you won’t find pro-union either. the books are all about freedom. no one is forced to join any organization.
thanks, good advice
they have about three weeks before their short position explodes
good points. already mostly working in the developer software i’m driving.
can’t wait for the new season to start!
we’ve always provided healthcare, hourly wages above union &amp; tesla stock. also, free drinks &amp; snacks. try to make it fun too. top ten hourly workers cumulatively received tesla stock now worth $1m to $2m. nobody wants uaw, so uaw keeps trashing tesla &amp; me via 3rd parties.
glad you teach physics. that and critical thinking (ie how not to be tricked) are foundational for all kids to learn.
yeah, i think we pretty much agree. btw, great show.
i think essential services, incl health care, should be taken care of by govt/taxpayers (socialist) &amp; other parts of economy should be served by companies competing to serve the people (capitalist). aka, the view held by most of america.
they started it &amp; attacked me personally
search uaw and “corruption”. very long reading list. great organization.
they don’t seem to think much or care about the future beyond a narrow horizon
engels wrote 2nd &amp; 3rd volumes based on marx’s “notes”. less reliable.
wanted to help transition the world to sustainable, clean energy and extend life as we know it beyond earth. those problems require a lot of hardware.
wow, you know nothing &amp; are worthy of contempt. the world is under massive attack due to climate change &amp; you couldn’t care less.
read it. like the green, translucent martian opal?
congratulations to la times and patrick soon-shiong!
you’re just a troll/bot, but i will reply anyway. i arrived in montreal at 17 by myself with $2k. no support, no contacts, nothing. father said i’d fail &amp; be back in 3 months.
i don’t want to see anyone lose their money. or i will at least provide fair warning before it happens, as i have done in the past.
you think all companies are bad and all unions good? that’s a very bigoted position.
well said
then you’ll be fine
exactly. our nda is actually shorter &amp; simpler than most.
...which clearly doesn’t work. uaw and wall street shorts know every detail of what’s happening at tesla. storm clouds are gathering, so they’re getting desperate.
then look a little closer, doctorow. read the whole thread.
more propaganda. the nda only prevents disclosure of tesla proprietary ip or material non-public information (insider trading).
how big is your short position? just curious.
i endorse freedom to form a union too, as well as freedom not to do so if they feel tesla is a good company. uaw has major conflicts of interest &amp; failed our car plant already when they abandoned us in 2010. tesla can only hire 5% of applicants, so must be doing something right.
uaw doesn’t have 30% of signatures (about 6000 people) needed for a vote. they can’t even muster enough people for a free bbq. instead, they’re getting paid trolls &amp; far left shills to trash tesla &amp; me in press &amp; social media. such creeps.
i’m not against all unions, but uaw has a track record of destroying productivity so a company can’t compete on world market. our current factory went bankrupt under uaw before we took it over. don’t want tesla to die too.
i am too, of sorts. govt (ie other taxpayers) should take care of critical needs of people, incl defense, judiciary, health care, etc. rest should be companies competing to provide best product or service to the people.
was originally called puff the magic dragon, as people said i was high if though it could work, so i named it after their insult.
iain certainly wasn’t pro-union in the culture books. at all. and wouldn’t be in the case of tesla. banks was about freedom through &amp; through. maybe for a single buyer (monopsony) vs single seller (monopoly), i would be too, but that’s a special case.
sx 300 &amp; soon sx 500. kind of a modern version of inconel superalloys. high strength at temperature, extreme oxidation resistance. needed for ~800 atmosphere, hot, oxygen-rich turbopump on raptor rocket engine.
structures, engines, avionics, guidance &amp; control software, new alloys, space lasers (ooh, maybe i shouldn’t have said that) …
love you too 💕
fair point
auto-semiotic asphyxiation (sorry, couldn’t resist)
and i don’t trust that engels guy. he could have made up most of 2nd &amp; 3rd volumes. nobody actually knows.
your math isn’t very good. would require 61%. and what’s your issue anyway? better suggestions are welcome.
the semi-erotics of evil
i dare you to stop following me. do it.
the enemy of my enemy is myself
exactly
direct democracy by the people. laws must be short, as there is trickery in length. automatic expiration of rules to prevent death by bureaucracy. any rule can be removed by 40% of people to overcome inertia. freedom.
the mind sacrificing itself in the final ship battle
all of them, especially surface detail
if you must know, i am a utopian anarchist of the kind best described by iain banks
i disagree with that goal &amp; gave away tesla patents to help other companies
if i’m not a communist, why do i make red cars 🚘 🤔
very appealing if you’re a sophomore in college. it’s a counterpoint to communism and useful as such, but should be tempered with kindness.
that is why it is critical to support competition. excess profits draw in competitors who then drive down prices.
read das kapital when i was 14, incl cross-checking english translation of original german. adam smith ftw obv. ironically, future automation will naturally lead to greater equality of consumption. monopolies are true enemy of people. competing to serve is good.
might actually be his!
amazing work by tesla team. built entire new general assembly line in 3 weeks w minimal resources. love u guys so much! pic of 1st model 3 dual motor performance coming off the line …
you’re a docile puppet of the uaw. be honest about what you are.
sigh
by the way, i am actually a socialist. just not the kind that shifts resources from most productive to least productive, pretending to do good, while actually causing harm. true socialism seeks greatest good for all.
“no sense of humor” is certainly proving itself true. good grief! how many socialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? answer: that’s not funny!!
boys high is a government school for anyone local, which we were
lake show
heading back into the factory, so that’s enough for now. don’t take my tweet too seriously. for one thing, it’s called a “tweet”.
my father has no money. only reason he even has a house is because my brother &amp; i bought it for him on condition that he not cause harm to others. that obviously failed.
there is considerable confusion between wealth as consumption &amp; wealth as labor allocation. by latter measure, anyone in govt whose budget exceeds $1b is a billionaire. government is the largest corporation.
socialism vs capitalism is not even the right question. what really matters is avoiding monopolies that restrict people’s freedom.
universal income will be necessary over time if ai takes over most human jobs
marx was a capitalist. he even wrote a book about it.
a socialist
those who proclaim themselves “socialists” are usually depressing, have no sense of humor &amp; attended an expensive college. fate loves irony.
what is yours?
what is your utopia?
the future is a set of branching probability streams. some actions by humanity have an extremely leveraged effect on shape &amp; size of those streams.
already did. meant to go longer, but ran out of time.
i always wanted to do a terms &amp; conditions cover of green eggs &amp; ham
foundation series &amp; zeroth law are fundamental to creation of spacex
i love banks. best books in recent years imo are iain banks &amp; george martin.
given how bad i am at poetry, probably vogon
should prob articulate philosophy underlying my actions. it’s pretty simple &amp; mostly influenced by douglas adams &amp; isaac asimov.
my donations are anonymous
already sold &gt;$100m tsla for charity. will do about that every few years. major disbursements in about 20 years when tesla is steady state.
my “pay” is in options, which only matter if stock goes up &amp; i sell. will use that to make life multiplanetary, help education &amp; environment on earth w my foundation. just don’t want us to be sad about the future.
we use less than 3% cobalt in our batteries &amp; will use none in next gen
yes, interface will change with version 9 software
will be adjusting screen alert to clarify that we mean “slight up or downward force on the wheel”, not really “hold the wheel”
some very, very tough calls. had to let go of good people, but i think they will find new jobs quickly.
difficult, but necessary tesla reorg underway. my email to the company has already leaked to media. here it is unfiltered:
that is actual footage
back in the precambrian era when the main form of life was a sponge
thanks! have heard universally great things about your podcasts.
of course, but it’s the kind of hustle that you like even with full knowledge. people can obv read the internet &amp; anyone who wants a refund will get one. i predict basically zero. the honest-to-goodness fun value is amazing &amp; we’re never going to make them again.
trade is just that roadster becomes a 2 seater instead of a 2+2. copv in place of the kid seats, which is prob wise for many reasons
exactly. total energy stored even in ultra compressed air is low vs battery, but power output is insane. the composite overwrapped pressure vessel (copv) is most advanced ever made. it’s what spacex is qualifying for nasa crewed missions. extremely robust — literally bulletproof.
not recommended for urban environments
the actual amount of time i spend on twitter is tiny. my tweets are literally what i’m thinking at the moment, not carefully crafted corporate bs, which is really just banal propaganda.
it is amazingly hard to find a simple solution. a complicated one is relatively easy.
love this design. simpler the better.
add an r for roadster 👽💕🚀
sigh. this is crux of matter: can’t make system too annoying or people won’t use it, negatively affecting safety, but also can’t allow people to get too complacent or safety again suffers. latest update should have a positive effect on latter issue especially.
a lot of people whose judgment i respect have suggested this. sounds like a good idea. will do so after model 3 production reaches 5k/week steady.
yes. hopefully, i’m not tempting fate too much with that date. it was meant as a joke, but is about the right actual timing.
will do
correct, pure electric. wish orbital rockets could be so too, but there’s no escaping newton’s third law. spacex is already developing high efficiency co2 capture with h2o to form liquid ch4 (methane) &amp; o2. critical for propellant production at mars base alpha.
you have my word, marques. next gen roadster will be absolutely out of this world. for those who love to drive, there is no finer car in history and we don’t think there will be another.
note, gas contained would be ultra high pressure air in a spacex rocket copv bottle. the air exiting the thrusters would immediately be replenished whenever vehicle pack power draw allowed operation of the air pump, which is most of the time.
intent of new tesla roadster is to beat gas sports cars on every performance metric by far, no exceptions, thus transferring the “halo crown” effect gas cars have as the top speed leaders over to pure electric.
that issue is better in latest autopilot software rolling out now &amp; fully fixed in august update as part of our long-awaited tesla version 9. to date, autopilot resources have rightly focused entirely on safety. with v9, we will begin to enable full self-driving features.
this is why i’m not impressed when reporters who were literally in junior high while i was in newsrooms all round the world say that if i only knew how newsrooms really worked, then i’d know everything’s fine &amp; no need for a media credibility rating system like pravduh 🤔
zip2 also built a newspaper publishing platform that brought hundreds of regional &amp; city papers online for the first time, and made major functionality advancements to the ny times, boston globe &amp; knight-ridder websites. nyt, kr &amp; hearst were all major investors in zip2.
20 years of intense programming on extremely weak cpus with nothing for memory &amp; a straw for bandwidth tends to burn itself onto your 🧠 like a branding iron. can still remember trying to squeeze fractions of a millisecond out of the /?€}%$&amp; fetch_joystick_state function.
in early 90s, i wrote a multitasker for pcs that spoofed the cpu &amp; cd-rom to act in parallel, so could read video continuously while player sprite moved smoothly. required c++, assembly &amp; direct flipping of cpu registers. that company’s name was rocket science. fate loves irony.
that’s quite a blast from the past! after my zip2 experience w patents, i felt that patents (particularly software) inhibited innovation, instead of fostering it. i aspired to file zero patents after that. in 2014, we open-sourced all tesla patents
at zip2, i wrote entire v1 of software for drawing vector maps &amp; calculating point to point directions anywhere in us (first ever company to do so), as well as white pages &amp; business listings w reviews (an early yelp). also wrote v1 of classifieds, autotrading &amp; real estate apps.
more background: i arrived in north america at 17 w $2000, a backpack &amp; a suitcase full of books. paid my own way thru college. dropped out of stanford eng/phys grad school w $110k in college debt. created internet startup w bro &amp; greg khouri (love bro &amp; loved greg, may he rip)
we don’t think our product will be the cause of any wildfires, but the boring company is donating $10k.
using the config you describe, plus an electric pump to replenish air in copv, when car power draw drops below max pack power output, makes sense. but we are going to go a lot further.
19 years ago, when my 1st company got bought, i had to decide between buying a house in palo alto or a mclaren f1 (best car ever imo). was no contest. i bought f1 &amp; a small condo that was much cheaper than the car. new tesla roadster will exceed all gas sports cars in every way…
spacex option package for new tesla roadster will include ~10 small rocket thrusters arranged seamlessly around car. these rocket engines dramatically improve acceleration, top speed, braking &amp; cornering. maybe they will even allow a tesla to fly …
terms &amp; conditions for “not-a-flamethrower” please use as directed to avoid unintentionally burning things down. for simple &amp; concise instructions, we drew upon wisdom in great dr seuss book “green eggs and ham”.
almost forgot! due to recent regulatory/customs rules enacted to inhibit transport of anything called a flamethrower, we have renamed our product: “not a flamethrower”.
each flamethrower comes with a state-of-the-art the boring company brand fire extinguisher. will offer a tbc ice blaster before the dry season starts in winter.
flamethrower obv best way to light your fireplace/bbq. no more need to use a dainty “match” to ignite! if no wood, just drop your flamethrower in fire place! it will generate way more warmth than a quaint pile of logs.
coming soon
i think so :)
nothing makes your baby more zen than a few gentle puffs of a tbc flamethrower
first 1000 boring company flamethrowers being picked up today!
we’re building out tesla body repair in all major metro areas to ensure super fast &amp; excellent outcome
talked with tesla team. looks like we can do the aluminum model 3 pedal covers (slightly different from s). turning on production for model 3 performance version.
gigafactory should be on 100% renewable energy (primarily solar with some wind) by next year. rollout of solar already begun.
yeah, actually closer to skylab, but with 50% larger inner diameter
and we’re definitely going to have a pod bay door override button. lesson learned.
definitely. will also have augmented mode that will massively enhance human driving ability. like a flying metal suit, but in car form …
running track in bf spaceship will look something like this
no plans for aluminum pedals. adds too much production complexity. model 3 will def have summon, which will get way more advanced for s &amp; x w hw2 autopilot &amp; all model 3 cars.
working on improving
no way 6 mins is enough for abs. i mean, come on, 7 mins is obv right.
oh please, that’s obv overkill
tip of the day …
coming soon
we are ramping production as fast as possible. wait should be closer to 6 months though, not 2 years.
congratulations . good move by . please use matt’s twitter pic. essence of a good editor
yup, we are extending the net area by a factor of 4
am def not under any illusion that this will end illiteracy, but i hope it helps at least a little
good morning, sonic. not sure how to break it to you, but …
we have about 11,000 projects underway in puerto rico
appreciated on behalf of tesla team
you should get an invite to configure in next few days
definitely
leasing negatively effects tesla cash flow, so we prob won’t offer model 3 leases for 6 to 9 months. loan financing is a better deal anyway, as bank conservatism for new car models is v conservative about residual value, but teslas have always had strong residual value.
model 3 performance order page progressively rolling out to reservation holders over the next week or so. it’s a really great car. not saying that lightly. test drive is a mindwarp. aiming to have these as our first test drive model 3 cars in stores within 4 to 6 week’s.
next year
twitter is so dark …
that is horrifying
indeed, the esthetics of cutlery are a source of great stress
mason jars with a handle or wine stem cause me to lose faith in humanity
the future
exactly!
i was an alien 🛸👽♥️💫
actually true!
singapore has enough land area to generate most of its electricity from the sun. solar energy is more than most people realize. 250mw per sq km at current commercial efficiency solar panels. no more need to import fossil fuels for electricity, which is a strategic vulnerability.
but don’t worry, cars have been tested for emissions levels &amp; everything’s just fine
why have policies that promote a combustion vehicle fleet in a dense city environment? in bumper to bumper traffic, each car’s exhaust pipes releases poison gases right into the air intake of car behind. this is not healthy.
the results speak for themselves. singapore is a very prosperous city and yet has very few electric cars.
glad you’re ok!
some details on the tesla air filtration system
mid 2019 for rhd
that sounds like a fun adventure!
you can just take the aero inserts out of the standard wheel &amp; it looks pretty cool. we could offer that as an option at purchase.
model 3 should be second best in world after model s/x. still super good, but we went a little 🥜 on s/x.
filters bacteria, viruses, spores, pollen &amp; particulate of almost any kind
model s &amp; x also have an acid gas filter, an alkaline gas filter &amp; a carbon monoxide detector that autoswitches car to recirc mode. we should prob tell people about this more. filters are giant, so too big to fit in model 3.
cool, tesla s/x have hospital operating room air quality when bwd mode is activated, so shd protect against even a weaponized virus
do it
definitely
best analysis of model 3 to date (german)
finders keepers 🚀🚀🚀
try adjusting tire pressure. will ask tesla engineering to investigate.
hell of a week
just for perspective
true, no one is perfect
you’re most welcome. more to come in this regard.
tesla will always refute articles that are misleading &amp; point out if there is someone with a pattern of doing so. many fit this description, but consumer reports is always fair &amp; accurate in their criticism.
ride comfort &amp; aero/road noise already better than cr car, which was early production. wish we could make the car perfect from day 1, but there’s always room for improvement. highly recommend dropping tire pressure 10% below max to ~39 psi for comfort. only affects range by ~2%.
prob 8.3
all items below will go to all model 3s within next few months with v8.2 software. to report a bug or ask for a feature, press voice button, say “bug report” followed by issue description.
“pneumatic” means propelled by air. opposite of hyperloop.
yeah, absolutely
really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from . road noise &amp; ride comfort already addressed too. ui improvements coming via remote software update later this month.
like you guys too 🚘 🖤
actually, hyperloop draws a near vacuum in tube &amp; each pod is powered w electric motors. it is opposite of pneumatically powered.
would love to be in india. some challenging government regulations, unfortunately. deepak ahuja, our cfo, is from india. tesla will be there as soon as he believes we should.
good progress. really proud of this design &amp; spacex propulsion team. this engine is something special.
peace ✌️
love the space cowboy esthetic
at risk of stating the extremely obvious, i am against threats of violence &amp; abusive epithets in any forum. please do not use them in my name or at all.
you’re saying a bbc reporter who attacked me for months w unprofessional language &amp; ad hominem attacks, then deleted those tweets to hide them, is a “good person”?
this journalist has been attacking me for months incl using genitalia language that she now says is sexist. what a hypocrite!
“nano” is a unit of measure, not a field imo. would’ve been sexist *not* to express an opinion simply because someone is a woman.
hello, have you met the internet? everyone gets harassed regardless of gender, especially if they say false things. saying i’m against science is like saying beyoncé doesn’t know beats. blowback from latter (all genders) would make my comment stream seem like socratic dialogue.
gaiman, did you actually read my tweets? i didn’t set anyone on anyone. a bbc science reporter tweeted that i was anti-science &amp; i said that was false. are you saying i don’t have the right to deny false accusations? that’s messed up.
you’ve done something incredibly dishonest by supporting a journo who falsely stated that i’m against science, then cherrypicked tweets that don’t represent the vast majority of my followers to make false claims against them too
great book. read it when it came out.
exactly
spacex has area 58 at cape canaveral. that’s 7 better than 51.
yeah
second best answer to the fermi paradox after the simulation argument
which part? love their cuisine. and the views are amazing.
you have so many great pics &amp; factoids!
yes, awd p first and then awd. production costs are always high when line first gets going, so we have to sell higher price versions first or each car will have very negative margins. as production efficiency rises, we can make lower cost versions &amp; not lose money.
i really want to make this cupholder
i’ve literally had dreams about cup holder designs
noted. we can prob adjust spring force &amp; catch to be less sensitive. cupholders are amazingly hard to get right!
you’re welcome. appreciate the letter.
good school
thank you for the lovely letter
had a great time with my kids
seems to be glitch where tweet to which i replied isn’t showing up, removing context. a journo said polls are meaningless because controlled by “powerful people” &amp; my response was that powerful people also own media. thus, if you discount polls, you should also discount media.
thanks 😀
superchargers will ultimately cover the entire region
pointing out to aspiring journo &amp; rodin spokesmodel, josh top, who thinks public polls are controlled by “powerful people” that the media is *owned* by same. anyone who thought this was anti-semitic is just revealing their inner bigot. the context is very clear.
thanks for offering to help. i will check with my team.
you’re right. these guys can buzzkill themselves (pun intended). signing off …
who do you think *owns* the press? hello.
you’re missing the point &amp; living in a bubble of self-righteous sanctimony. the public doesn’t trust you. this was true *before* the last election &amp; only got worse. don’t believe me? run your own poll …
you’re welcome to come by spacex, but please stop assuming i’m against all journalists. this is not true. something needs to be done to improve public trust in media.
you really think i haven’t spent time in a newsroom? i’ve spent time in too many. bleak.
sadly, it had better critical analysis than most non-cult media
yup, deleted
? it should
no, but dual motors mean increased regen braking &amp; will ride tire traction limit. you won’t notice sport brakes unless you’re on a racetrack &amp; have the sticky 20” tires.
yes, model 3 performance will have red calipers &amp; sport level brakes
keyword “future” 🤣
will do another rev before final design
i was
that’s what i had in mind
sometimes even i think we’re the same person!
nanotech *is* bs imo. when you take something that has nothing to do w gender &amp; make it about that, you devalue genuine gender issues.
about to ship. holding flamethrower pickup parties in a week or so, then deliveries begin. check for details.
it’s not
that’s a great song!
sometimes … when i have hurt feelings, i play this song …
no, that’s the other guy
so true 😢
because twitter is fun
usatoday ftw!
but femtotech is the future …
nanotech is so 2008. picotech is 1000 times better.
yeah, that’s exactly right. but after suggesting public critique, i was stunned to see the level of contempt many in media have for their readers. this is way worse than i thought.
the arguments journos are using against the public are word for word the same arguments despots use against democracy
well said. nyt journo is outraged that “dumb” public wd dare critique him while attacking me for being sensitive to criticism. uhh...
a tesla has a usable reserve of 5 to 15 miles range even after the battery reads “empty”. this will not hurt the pack.
pretty good. tintin a &amp; b are both closing the link to ground w phased array at high bandwidth, low latency (25 ms). good enough to play fast response video games.
it’s cool for kids &amp; if used in a fun way, but if you called yourself a “rocket scientist” in aerospace, they would think you’re 🙃
i just sent a note to tesla service to take care of your car right away &amp; our hvac engineering lead to fix root cause
does the psych ward know you smuggled in a mobile phone?
the pain will end
wow, amazing tesla hypermile drive happening
gwynne has been prez of spacex for 10 years &amp; well-deserved
stop trying to charm me. it won’t work. ok, maybe a little 😊 are you a real person or a bot?
using “rocket science” non-ironically in a bio is never a good sign, especially if you work on 🚀🔬
what are you talking about? you’re being incredibly rude &amp; nonsensical.
wow, haven’t watched that video in ages. when we made that, no one in the space industry thought it would actually happen.
generally higher quality reporting, especially if not under pressure to publish fast. consumer reports is great (and often critical of tesla). heard good things about the information too.
can’t believe someone leaked this schematic of the tesla production system!!
we tried, but singapore govt is not supportive of electric vehicles
tesla will start extending the supercharger network to south america around end of next year
prob end of next year
good point, we will add that to the construction plan
global map of tesla superchargers, including those coming soon
earth’s rotation is slowly, slowly, slowly getting slower
all four. zone 3 throughput was solved a couple of weeks ago.
model 3 was designed for min engineering &amp; tooling change for rhd. note left/right symmetry. lhd for europe &amp; asia first half of next year. rhd probably middle of next year.
this is the new production line for battery module zone 4. will play a key role in getting from 3000/week to 6000/week for model 3.
pravda was incorporated a year ago. also, tesla factory safety has improved every year &amp; is now better than industry avg. misleading articles refer to tesla being worse than avg in 2015 when we were just figuring things out.
worth a shot
of course! (prav)duh. it is named after the most pernicious propaganda machine in history specifically to highlight what we want to avoid. it’s called “satire” …
this is going to help journalism, not harm it. please be so kind as to hold your fire until you actually see it.
problem solved, was able to buy game on …
i know, i know. russia seriously didn’t correct me on this!
something needs to be done to reward consistent, high quality journalism. some in media are absurdly indignant before even seeing the product. odd …
turns out is actually owned by ukraine. for some reason, russia didn’t bother to correct me …
for some reason, russia didn’t bother to correct me …
tried to buy but russia said no. turns out they already use it.
definitely did not. i’ve been through many press cycles &amp; know full well same person praising me today will trash me tomorrow. journos hound me constantly for interviews, but i do almost none these days. ♥️ twitter as it allows me to bypass journo bs.
i’ve just had it with sanctimonious journalists who appoint themselves protectors of the public interest &amp; yet believe that same public is too stupid &amp; immoral to assess their credibility. it’s amazing that you don’t understand how insufferably hypocritical that is. wow.
the tesla facility is open plan &amp; we’re not going to erect walls everywhere for a journo tour. i know journalists too well &amp; they are some of the worst &amp; best human beings i’ve ever met. you’re the former.
nano applies to everything &amp; therefore means nothing. definitely indicates bs. sorry.
yes, because tesla has the most advanced battery manufacturing technology in the world &amp; products that haven’t been unveiled yet. you don’t have a right to show that to our competitors or spoil future product launches.
wow, you’re ignorant. don’t remember you, but disclosing classified us missile technology to hostile nations would violate itar law &amp; land you in jail. i didn’t review it, but my team did. obviously nobody cared about what your article said. please.
done
have a confirmed real name identity section &amp; an unconfirmed identity section. latter with subscore that excludes probable botnets.
be careful what you wish for
amazingly, the “media is awesome” vote is declining, despite hundreds of articles attacking this very poll🤔
my point exactly
ahem, you have “nano” in your bio. that is 100% synonymous with bs.
reddit is great
come on media, you can do it! get more people to vote for you. you are literally the media.
exactly. the point of such a site would be to help restore the credibility of the media. they don’t realize how little credibility they actually have with the public.
why are certain journalists (editors especially) so concerned about the public rating their credibility? all they do all day is rate others, ostensibly on behalf of the same public for which they have contempt.
i did to any who asked
that was obvious from a mile away. i tried to use their product &amp; it didn’t work. not exactly a genius move by wsj, but they were brave enough to say it.
maybe after you get your model 3, we can talk about what you like &amp; what needs to be improved
but consider it real. we could unveil model y anytime from late this year to mid next year, so march 15 is about right.
i just made that up, because the ides of march sounded good
gasoline or diesel?
what car do you drive?
march 15
the media
hi kara! i’m open to it. right now, i’m cranking super hard at the tesla factory, so it depends on how things are going next week.
maybe the media credibility rating site should be called “you’re right!” i do actually own but for the moment i just have it automatically forward to facebook news.
definitely
there no good car emojis. i mean seriously, what the heck are these 🚗 🚙 and this is the best one 🚘
that’s the basic idea
for some reason, this is the best i’ve felt in a while. hope you’re feeling good too 🚀♥️🌏
i just tried to donate, but you don’t accept paypal. lmk when you do.
um, you just tweeted about this, so obv you do
thank you! i thought it was so obvious …
yeah, i think you do great work
if you’re in media &amp; don’t want pravda to exist, write an article telling your readers to vote against it …
i’ve never stopped a union vote nor removed a union. uaw abandoned this factory. tesla arrived &amp; gave people back their jobs. they haven’t forgotten uaw betrayed them. that’s why uaw can’t even get people to attend a free bbq, let alone enough sigs for a vote.
of course
it is strange that big auto companies literally have thousands more factory injuries than tesla &amp; millions more auto deaths, but somehow get less coverage. we are not perfect, but we’re doing our best to make clean energy real &amp; be a good company.
no, they’re just some rich kids in berkeley who took their political science prof too seriously
will do
create a media credibility rating site (that also flags propaganda botnets)
that’s why editors are included too
we don’t. the media is reporting someone else saying that tesla advertised. it is untrue.
even if some of the public doesn’t care about the credibility score, the journalists, editors &amp; publications will. it is how they define themselves.
enough of the public does care about the truth. i have faith in the people.
maybe some good people from those orgs who would join
not only needs to be botproof, but seek &amp; unmask anyone operating a disinformation bot army
exactly
going to create a site where the public can rate the core truth of any article &amp; track the credibility score over time of each journalist, editor &amp; publication. thinking of calling it pravda …
an exception that proves the rule
uh, this is twitter. how many characters do you want?
problem is journos are under constant pressure to get max clicks &amp; earn advertising dollars or get fired. tricky situation, as tesla doesn’t advertise, but fossil fuel companies &amp; gas/diesel car companies are among world’s biggest advertisers.
the media has earned this mistrust. but maybe there is a solution.
oh hey another sanctimonious media person who thinks he’s above criticism. try being truthful &amp; the public will believe you again.
thought you’d say that. anytime anyone criticizes the media, the media shrieks “you’re just like trump!” why do you think he got elected in the first place? because no ones believes you any more. you lost your credibility a long time ago.
the holier-than-thou hypocrisy of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, but publish only enough to sugarcoat the lie, is why the public no longer respects them
this will sound super obvious, but genesis &amp; oblivion
i am not cool
the one about to come out called so heavy i fell through the earth
was sad to see g getting tons of undeserved flak because of me, so i’m glad there’s some good too ♥️🎼🐇. her music is incredible.
thanks. not super fun right now 😔
busted 👻
none of those criteria are certain by themselves, but when taken together &amp; messages have an obv agenda, it almost always indicates use of a network of self-validating troll accounts
troll dead giveaways: not using real names, obv fake pics &amp; backgrounds, low follower/follow ratio, account recently created, repeating same phrases, etc (sigh)
great idea!
will do it later this year. too much on plate right now. will be available as an upgrade from service.
love original deus ex! that would be awesome.
just order your car with the james bond option package. it’s an off-menu item for those in the know 😉
but ya know what, let’s test that theory. maybe we do want uaw back, even tho uaw betrayed us 8 years ago &amp; left us here to rot. maybe we want uaw back even tho injury rate today is 1/2 what it was with them &amp; wages were lower. maybe. let’s hold a vote &amp; find out.
in theory true, but not how uaw behaved. they drove gm &amp; chrysler to bankruptcy &amp; lost 200,000+ jobs for people they were supposed to protect, incl abandoning nummi plant workers.tesla took over &amp; now it has 10k+ jobs.uaw destroyed once great us auto industry &amp; everyone knows it.
we’re going to include some fun games as hidden easter eggs in tesla s, x &amp; 3. what do you think would be most fun in a car using the center touch screen?
good point
no, uaw does that. they want divisiveness &amp; enforcement of 2 class “lords &amp; commoners” system. that sucks. us fought war of independence to get *rid* of a 2 class system! managers &amp; workers shd be equal w easy movement either way. managing sucks btw. hate doing it so much.
more “reveal” bs. tesla is overseen by cal/osha, most stringent labor safety org in us, &amp; they’ve never found us to misrepresent. on other hand, ford, chrysler &amp; gm (uaw) have repeatedly been found to fake safety numbers. strangely, that info is missing from reveal article …
no problem
they are incorrect. we never met, nor have we ever been scheduled to meet.
thanks again, have conveyed your words to the tesla team, who have been working crazy hard. really energizing!
i didn’t meet with him
i definitely don’t do this 5 minute thing. need to have long uninterrupted times to think. can’t be creative otherwise.
just wanted to say thanks to all tesla supporters. i damn well love you.
have been meaning to get around to talking to him. some of his criticisms are valid, but, on the higher body/chassis weight front, he wasn’t fully appreciating that we were going for much higher crash safety levels than other cars.
thanks ryan. critical feedback after you get the car would be much appreciated, no matter how nuanced.
to be clear, all model 3 cars, incl early production will have same great braking ability. nature of any product, however, is that if you care about perfection, you make constant small refinements. today’s model s is far more refined than initial production.
abs calibration algorithm
also, consumer reports has an early production car. model 3 now has improved ride comfort, lower wind noise &amp; many other small improvements. will request that they test current production.
looks like this can be fixed with a firmware update. will be rolling that out in a few days. with further refinement, we can improve braking distance beyond initial specs. tesla won’t stop until model 3 has better braking than any remotely comparable car.
stop, you’re making me blush ☺️
also, not promising anything, but we *might* be able to increase model 3 performance power output a little
complexity is the devil. words can’t express how hard we are working on the model 3 production ramp &amp; trying to get to profitability. but we’ll try.
good point. yeah, we will do that for the bigger locations.
the cr braking result is inconsistent with other reviewers, but might indicate that some model 3’s have longer braking distances than others. if so, we will address this at our expense. first time we’ve seen anything like this.
even if a physical upgrade is needed to existing fleet, we will make sure all model 3’s having amazing braking ability at no expense to customers
very strange. model 3 is designed to have super good stopping distance &amp; others reviewers have confirmed this. if there is vehicle variability, we will figure it out &amp; address. may just be a question of firmware tuning, in which case can be solved by an ota software update.
cool, we can do the interview at tesla in front of the yellow barriers &amp; beeping forklifts you said didn’t exist. please send your meeting request to wakassliar.com.
gwynne’s awesome. been spacex prez for 10 years. super love working with her.
also, uaw did nada for job security in last recession. dropped fremont like a hot potato to protect their core base in detroit. uaw *chose* to exit this plant before tesla even arrived. we had nothing to do with uaw leaving, but everything to do with why people here have jobs.
nothing stopping tesla team at our car plant from voting union. could do so tmrw if they wanted. but why pay union dues &amp; give up stock options for nothing? our safety record is 2x better than when plant was uaw &amp; everybody already gets healthcare.
tesla factory literally has miles of painted yellow lines &amp; tape. report about forklifts not beeping is also bs. these are both demonstrably false, but were reported as “facts” by reveal.
we’re working on allowing you to use your phone in car when you hear a rattle/squeak &amp; pinpoint origin by acoustic signature &amp; triangulation
spacex crew dragon ship in anechoic chamber for emi testing before being sent to plum brook vacuum chamber
for sure before snowfall this year
exactly! will probably unveil next gen supercharger late summer. major improvements all round.
with production, 1st you need achieve target rate &amp; then smooth out flow to achieve target cost. shipping min cost model 3 right away wd cause tesla to lose money &amp; die. need 3 to 6 months after 5k/wk to ship $35k tesla &amp; live.
that means nothing. literally your mom could file for nlrb.
exactly 🚀💫🎉! that will be really fun &amp; shed light on what’s happening. hoping to start that later this year after we become profitable. difficult to justify before then.
yeah, “reveal” was carefully constructed propaganda with a name that wd make orwell proud. workplace injury rate of our factory when it was uaw w toyota/gm was twice as high as today’s non-union.
about 2% of tesla, incl salaried &amp; hourly, union &amp; non-union were let go in annual review. only known union person fired was a guy who repeatedly threatened non-union supporters verbally &amp; on social media &amp; lied about it.
they can form a union whenever they want &amp; there’s nothing i can do to stop them. california is a very pro-union state. they just don’t want to.
upgrade to the latest s. nothing will give you greater joy. it’s like being able to have dopamine jacked straight into your brain at will.
they are correct. it’s awesome. second best driving feel of any car in the world imo, apart from model s. traction control precision is super tight.
it does so constantly, but so smoothly that you can’t tell
depends on when you placed your initial reservation. we start delivering the dual motor model 3 in july.
three or four months, depending on demand level. we have enough for about 1000/week right now.
good idea ...
that is true. electric motors are far more reliable than combustion engines. you need an electric motor just to start a gas engine!
tesla dual motor means there is a motor in front &amp; a motor in rear. one is optimized for power &amp; one for range. car drives fine even if a motor breaks down. helps ensure you make it to your destination &amp; don’t get stuck on side of road in potentially unsafe conditions.
cost of normal dual motor awd option is $5k. range is also 310 miles. takes 0-60mph to 4.5 sec &amp; top speed to 140 mph.
black &amp; white interior available only for model 3 performance initially due to limited parts availability. will broaden over time.
tesla awd is dual motor, so you can fully drive the car even if one breaks
cost of all options, wheels, paint, etc is included (apart from autopilot). cost is $78k. about same as bmw m3, but 15% quicker &amp; with better handling. will beat anything in its class on the track.
tesla dual motor, all-wheel drive performance model 3: 3.5 sec 0-60mph 155 mph top speed 310 mile range
it’s only slightly more expensive to tesla (same price to car owners), but owner happiness is way higher, so worth doing
exactly
will soon enable tesla owners to request service from their phone with a few taps. tesla ranger will come to you to take care of your car. no need to bring the car in yourself &amp; zero paperwork.
i’m about to test the configurator &amp; then it goes out to early reservation holders tonight
you can tweet to tesla, me and/or get something upvoted in message boards
that is the way to go. thanks for buying our cars!
also, carbon fiber spoiler, 20” performance wheels, black &amp; white interior.
ac induction front &amp; switched reluctance, partial permanent magnet rear. silicon carbide inverters in both. performance drive units are lot sorted for highest sigma output &amp; get double the burn-in.
working on model 3 dual motor all-wheel drive &amp; performance versions. driving feel is amazing. aiming to release config late tonight.
check out build-your-own life size egyptian pantheon merch coming soon.
but the boring company is right behind you at 1/15th your speed &amp; soon will be 1/10th! start sweating …
he taunts us with his speed
just … an ordinary snail
his name is gary &amp; he’s a snail
skip forward to see the most boring presentation ever
excited for partnership with la metro
listening to realiti
will be presenting &amp; taking questions about the boring company plans for los angeles at 7pm on thursday
boring company hyperloop will take you from city center under ground &amp; ocean to spaceport in 10 to 15 mins
time will tell, but so far it appears so
it certainly needs to be better &amp; we work to improve it every day, but perfect is enemy of good. a system that, on balance, saves lives &amp; reduces injuries should be released.
what’s actually amazing about this accident is that a model s hit a fire truck at 60mph and the driver only broke an ankle. an impact at that speed usually results in severe injury or death.
it’s super messed up that a tesla crash resulting in a broken ankle is front page news and the ~40,000 people who died in us auto accidents alone in past year get almost no coverage
according to nhtsa, there was an automotive fatality every 86m miles in 2017 (~40,000 deaths). tesla was every 320m miles. it’s not possible to be zero, but probability of fatality is much lower in a tesla. we will be reporting updated safety numbers after each quarter.
this is false. eyetracking rejected for being ineffective, not for cost. wsj fails to mention that tesla is safest car on road, which would make article ridiculous. approx 4x better than avg.
happy mother’s day mom! love you so much.
fair criticism, but we’re fixing it fast. hackathon going on right now to fix 2 worst robot production chokepoints. looks promising.
lovely story
if someone is trying to control us through complicated sky patterns, they must really care. i would gladly obey their instructions, but i can’t figure them out.
spacex will prob build 30 to 40 rocket cores for ~300 missions over 5 years. then bfr takes over &amp; falcon retires. goal of bfr is to enable anyone to move to moon, mars &amp; eventually outer planets.
good piece by ars
rate at which things are getting more bizarre appears to be increasing
exactly. gasoline cars will be like steam engines — quaint, but not something you’d actually use to get around. btw, i like steam engines &amp; trains in general.
yeah, i heard this so many times. in the future, it will seem bizarre that we used to crash rockets into the ocean instead of reusing them.
will make that a setting
fossil fuels subsidized at $10 million a minute, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
no use arguing with chimp. you’re blocked.
that article was pushed as propaganda to counter imf study showing fossil fuel subsidies to be $5 trillion/year. even if $4.9b was true, combined market cap of tesla &amp; spacex is $80b. where did the other $75b come from? ass 🎩 …
i have publicly asked people (like you) not to invest. go fund ford or whatever …
launching in ~4 mins
awd &amp; white interior in july. air suspension prob later. note, that’s when we *start* making them. can’t instantly fill all orders. will take 6+ months to do so.
our giant auto co competitors have much greater access to incentives than tesla, which means tesla has prospered in spite of govt subsidies, not because of them. tesla mkt cap has *risen* over time as ev incentives declined. how strange …
i love it too, but trying to keep config simple so as not to blow up the production ramp
tesla will enable orders end of next week for dual motor awd &amp; performance. starting production of those in july. air suspension prob next year.
a cool thing about the design is that’s easy to incorporate branch loops to serve small to mid size cities without slowing down the main loop at all
already started dc to ny route. hopefully start la to sf next year. that will be true w pressurized pods in near vacuum tunnels &amp; faster than jetliner.
first boring company tunnel under la almost done! pending final…
towards end of next year. btw, planning to launch tesla in turkey later this year. love your country &amp; will be there in person for the launch.
this will work on entire s &amp; x fleet, even first production units. cool thing about software upgrades is that we can keep making your car better long after you bought it.
all x &amp; s will soon work with no key if your phone pairs w bluetooth, signal strength is high &amp; you enable feature
yeah, we will add that as a feature
!! unnecessary characters. will change.
i wrote that masterpiece myself in html 1.0
wow, thanks for the couch! i will match the donation from my foundation.
my a capella cover of amish paradise is irresistible
tesla quarterly all-hands video. love the shot of wild horses &amp; giga in winter
definitely not a logo of any kind
stole it
we sketched concept together &amp; worked w a trusted team to make it
glass corset hand-painted in perspective in color of bone. every detail tells a story. spiked choker machined from a single piece of forged metal. crown of vantablack.
don’t want to blow your mind, but i’m pretty weird. it’s time the world knew.
night at the museum. g has mad skillzsz. me not so much.
literally every word is untrue
that’s a white rose on my jacket &amp; the choker is a bunch of spikes, not tesla anything
this chart shows how crazy low payout is to labels &amp; the artists only a small fraction of these numbers
prob itunes, but whatever works 4u is fine. most people don’t buy music &amp; artist earnings from streaming are tiny. mostly about touring.
flesh without blood &amp; kill v maim on art angels album
love powerglide too
(sigh) i do like ty, but she’s a friend. we are not dating.
saying you like “moats” is just a nice way of saying you like oligopolies
warren buffett is huge in candy. it’s actually true.
i’m killin me lol
then i’m going to build a moat &amp; fill it w candy. warren b will not be able to resist investing! berkshire hathaway kryptonite …
cryptocandy
ok ok, just for sake of argument, what do u wish for in candy? 🍭
what do you think we’re living in?
it just occurred to me that the plot of willy wonka is really messed up
i am super super serious
i’m starting a candy company &amp; it’s going to be amazing
this will be bigger
i try so hard to help them …
thanks for letting me know. will expedite. sorry for the delay.
looks like sooner than expected. the sheer magnitude of short carnage will be unreal. if you’re short, i suggest tiptoeing quietly to the exit …
new roadster will have that
yes, definitely not
it will be next level. these are really big numbers.
oh and uh short burn of the century comin soon. flamethrowers should arrive just in time.
true. and once they were on the call, i should have answered their questions live. it was foolish of me to ignore them.
we went through the same drama on s &amp; x and almost all confirmed in the end. will likely be even better for model 3, as customer satisfaction score post delivery is higher. i worry zero about demand. just spent all night in the factory, not the showroom.
reason rbc question about model 3 demand is absurd is that tesla has roughly half a million reservations, despite no advertising &amp; no cars in showrooms. even after reaching 5k/week production, it would take 2 years just to satisfy existing demand even if new sales dropped to 0.
the reason the bernstein question about capex was boneheaded was that it had already been answered in the headline of the q1 newsletter he received beforehand, along with details in the body of the letter
the 2 questioners i ignored on the q1 call are sell-side analysts who represent a short seller thesis, not investors
exactly
first, it’s important to know that tesla is the most shorted (meaning most bet against) stock on the market &amp; has been for a while
please ignore this thread unless you’re interested in a tedious discussion about tesla stock
they were neither valid nor pertinent. i will explain why on a primary twitter thread.
yeah, news is actually super good. model s &amp; x are producing major positive cash flow &amp; model 3 is about to do same.
to be clear, i’m a big fan of mkbhd, but this is an important clarification
the “dry” questions were not asked by investors, but rather by two sell-side analysts who were trying to justify their tesla short thesis. they are actually on the *opposite* side of investors. hyperchange represented actual investors, so i switched to them.
you’re most welcome
your numbers are incorrect. tesla fremont is 3rd in world after a 🇳🇱🌸 place &amp; 🇦🇪 mall. giga will be largest when complete.
woke frisbee
spacex crew dragon ships to the cape in about 3 months
falcon 9 fairing opens its parafoil after reentering the atmosphere
that’s how i use my eyebrows too
i have prehensile eyebrows
yeah, most people don’t know this, but comets r mostly made of cocaine
almost ready to test the new boring company / spacex hyperpod prototype. exciting video guaranteed.
don’t make me use my space lasers …
i know … such an underserved market
oh btw i’m building a cyborg dragon
sounds great riding my cyborg 🐉
likewise … was just listening to go flex &amp; psycho on playlist
mostly not
tesla batteries are currently live &amp; delivering power at 662 locations in puerto rico. team is working 24/7 to activate several hundred more.
russia has great rocket technology &amp; talent. much respect. would encourage focus on reusability. single-use rockets cannot be competitive any more than single-use aircraft.
doing our best
driving a model 3 and playing
yeah, exactly! would be great to hear your thoughts. we’re going to try a few approaches. can def be done, just about minimizing mass.
we already do targeted retro burn to a specific point in pacific w no islands or ships, so upper stage doesn’t become a dead satellite. need to retarget closer to shore &amp; position catcher ship like mr steven.
and then land on a bouncy house
yeah, but great for creating a giant object that retains its shape across all mach regimes &amp; drops ballistic coefficient by 2 orders of magnitude
spacex will try to bring rocket upper stage back from orbital velocity using a giant party balloon
this is gonna sound crazy, but …
interview and tesla factory tour with gayle king
too wasted to remember
don’t want to brag or anything, but that happens to me sometimes …
yes, excessive automation at tesla was a mistake. to be precise, my mistake. humans are underrated.
the economist used to be boring, but smart with a wicked dry wit. now it’s just boring (sigh). tesla will be profitable &amp; cash flow+ in q3 &amp; q4, so obv no need to raise money.
sorry, demand has been higher than expected. making them as fast as possible, but waitlist is 3 to 6 months.
looking into it. this is bizarre.
maybe a little 😉
gwynne’s got it covered. she’s awesome.
i love trolls
norway has some really cool tunnels and bridges
should be fully fixed within the next few days
place your bets …
this is a very important action by china. avoiding a trade war will benefit all countries.
how many views?
spacex main body tool for the bfr interplanetary spaceship
free viewing ends in about 5 hours
definitely. will take corrective action immediately. sorry about this.
looking into it now
should just be due to your config not avail yet. if not lmk.
so probably july
we need to achieve 5k/week with model 3 before adding complexity that would inhibit production ramp
this is kinda nutty for such a short distance, so could easily end up being shredded metal, but exciting either way
upgraded spacex/tesla hyperloop pod speed test soon. will try to reach half speed of sound (and brake) within ~1.2km.
the cat videos are awesome 🐱
at 5m views after 36 hours. congrats to chris paine &amp; co!
exactly
“you are my creator, but i am your master” — mary shelley
in memory of stephen hawking
nothing will affect the future of humanity more than digital super-intelligence. watch chris paine’s new ai movie for free until sunday night at
chris paine ai movie premiering tonight
we will add a feature to allow request of latest software version
this is false
oh, it’s on …
most people don’t know there’s a whole box of easter eggs with every tesla. just tap logo on center screen &amp; wait. easy access to most of discovered ones. more coming …
uhh, hello, i need to build cars
about a year ago, i asked doug to manage both engineering &amp; production. he agreed that tesla needed eng &amp; prod better aligned, so we don’t design cars that are crazy hard to build. right now, tho, better to divide &amp; conquer, so i’m back to sleeping at factory. car biz is hell …
can’t believe you’re even writing about this. my job as ceo is to focus on what’s most critical, which is currently model 3 production. doug, who i regard as one of the world’s most talented engineering execs, is focused on vehicle engineering.
we release as soon as we have the data. good timeline, bad timing. doesn’t matter.
not criticizing, just as asking questions. i’m sure there’s a really great answer …
tesla policy is to issue a recall *before* there are injuries. this is absolutely the right thing to do. yet there were dozens of recalls by other car companies last month, incl w injuries &amp; deaths, but you only wrote an article about tesla. why so?
seriously! obviously, i’m not going to do an april fool’s joke about going bankwupt if i thought there was any chance it would actually happen (sigh).
lot of respect for ntsb, but nhtsa regulates cars, not ntsb, which is an advisory body. tesla releases critical crash data affecting public safety immediately &amp; always will. to do otherwise would be unsafe.
oh yeah, forgot to mention it actually landed fine, just not on mr steven
what about this?
elon university is a real place
coming soon to tesla merch. free shots in stores every april 1st.
as you wish
it’s the best
elon was found passed out against a tesla model 3, surrounded by "teslaquilla" bottles, the tracks of dried tears still visible on his cheeks. this is not a forward-looking statement, because, obviously, what's the point? happy new month!
there are many chapters of bankruptcy and, as critics so rightly pointed out, tesla has them *all*, including chapter 14 and a half (the worst one).
tesla goes bankrupt palo alto, california, april 1, 2018 -- despite intense efforts to raise money, including a last-ditch mass sale of easter eggs, we are sad to report that tesla has gone completely and totally bankrupt. so bankrupt, you can't believe it.
important news in a few hours …
love seeing the scars of the rocket
hopefully, actual video coming soon. aiming to improve the link quality so it can be real-time.
everything’s better with fire
best music video art i’ve seen in a while
tru drat
gps guided parafoil twisted, so fairing impacted water at high speed. air wake from fairing messing w parafoil steering. doing helo drop tests in next few weeks to solve.
mr steven is 5 mins away from being under the falling fairing (don’t have live video)
attempting recovery of fairing falling down from space (right now) with our boat, mr steven. it’s a giant steel &amp; webbing catcher’s mitt superstructure on a high-speed ocean ship. godspeed, mr. s …
house party for the autonomous anarcho-syndicalist commune!! —— peasant woman: well, how'd you…
yes. i forgot my sword.
dueling dwarf vader while dressed as a knight and using a parasol for a sword
turns out joking about being a “rock” star because of digging tunnels (through, uh, rock — hello??) is deeply underappreciated
yes, you can upgrade hardware, although we also wrote software to accelerate rendering on old mcu. coming out soon &amp; makes a big diff.
from my mom: every time i use irony, i lose a friend
and they said i’d never be a rock star …
uhh, it’s literally made of rock
yeah, the boring bricks are interlocking with a precise surface finish, so two people could build the outer walls of a small house in a day or so
prob may
guaranteed to be flamethrower-proof!
first kit set will be ancient egypt — pyramids, sphinx, temple of horus, etc
new boring company merch coming soon. lifesize lego-like interlocking bricks made from tunneling rock that you can use to create sculptures &amp; buildings. rated for california seismic loads, so super strong, but bored in the middle, like an aircraft wing spar, so not heavy.
new nav starts rolling out this weekend. should be considered a mature beta at first, so won’t be perfect, but will improve rapidly. with the old system, we were stuck with legacy 3rd party black box code and stale data. no way to improve.
shocker
it’s not a political statement and i didn’t do this because someone dared me to do it. just don’t like facebook. gives me the willies. sorry.
i have just asked our team to slow down deliveries. it is clear that we are exceeding the local logistics capacity due to batch build and delivery. customer happiness &amp; safety matter more than a few extra cars this quarter.
you’ll live
we’ve never advertised with fb. none of my companies buy advertising or pay famous people to fake endorse. product lives or dies on its own merits.
instagram’s probably ok imo, so long as it stays fairly independent. i don’t use fb &amp; never have, so don’t think i’m some kind of martyr or my companies are taking a huge blow. also, we don’t advertise or pay for endorsements, so … don’t care.
what, a troll, me!? how dare you, sir!
yeah, my fault for being an idiot. we did give them a free launch to make up for it and i think they had some insurance.
definitely. looks lame anyway.
first time i’ve seen either. one on the left looks official. will be gone soon.
maybe that word doesn’t mean what i think it does
literally never seen it even once
i didn’t realize there was one. will do.
inconceivable! who’d say a thing like that!?
what’s facebook?
wow, a whole week. risky ...
umm...yes
i double-dare them to come back! bring it ...
no technology is too advanced for the boring company!
that said, lori deserves a lot of credit for supporting competitive, commercial space launch while under massive assault from old-school monopolists
no real surface is perfect, but it did pull about 250,000 lbs of muck rail cars out of a tunnel
probably mid next year before we are able to make rhd. wish it could be sooner. maybe try a model s, used or new in the meantime? used s is better than a new 3 imo, unless you want a smaller car.
sorry 🤗
model x pulls a 95,000 lb (15,000 above us road legal limit) semi truck on a pure snow surface
thanks!
sounds like this canton has style!
you’re welcome. sorry for the delay. only just got back from gigafactory. will be at our fremont factory in the morning. tesla team is going all out.
better to be in the model x
the swiss police are smart. electricity vs diesel &amp; maintenance more than make up for purchase price diff. plus, the bad guys will def not escape. that’s worth a lot …
maybe there should be 2 providers for chicago advanced transit. monopolies are so boring ...
petra and mars
lori, this is ridiculous. creating a rocket company has to be one of the dumbest and hardest ways to “make money”. if it was about money, i’d just do another internet company.
this is completely false. never even heard of cortica. just taking my kids on a spring break trip to see ancient historical sites in israel &amp; jordan.
paid respects to masada earlier today. live free or die.
learning how to pour flaming absinthe over a tower of glasses in a jerusalem speakeasy.…
thanks for your support over all those years!
your cruel taunts cut me deep. deep. but, i love you too.
oh you guys ...
yeah. i find it soothing.
good point
that’s the name of my new intergalactic media empire, exclamation point optional
resist
thinkularity
thud!
great idea!
my brother, jonah and i are going to do a cover of my little buttercup from the three amigos. it will be terrible. there will also be a plethora of q and sometimes even a.
on the westworld set with my bro
why falcon heavy &amp; starman? life cannot just be about solving one sad problem after another. there need to be things that inspire you, that make you glad to wake up in the morning and be part of humanity. that is why we did it. we did for you.
doesn’t make any sense. you can’t “take things that fail” &amp; make them work without creativity &amp; invention.
no, it’s not
none of the above
tunnels
i guess you could say it’s a 150 mph, underground, autonomous, electric bus that automatically switches between tunnels and lifts. so, yes, a bus.
better video coming soon, but it would look a bit like this:
boring co urban loop system would have 1000’s of small stations the size of a single parking space that take you very close to your destination &amp; blend seamlessly into the fabric of a city, rather than a small number of big stations like a subway
definitely
will still transport cars, but only after all personalized mass transit needs are met. it’s a matter of courtesy &amp; fairness. if someone can’t afford a car, they should go first.
adjusting the boring company plan: all tunnels &amp; hyperloop will prioritize pedestrians &amp; cyclists over cars
heavy sigh
talulah is in england, finishing her second novel. it’s about a future matriarchal society, with a twist.
will be at sxsw sat/sun with jonah &amp; lisa, who created westworld. jonah made an incredible short reel of falcon heavy &amp; starman. releases tmrw aft.
to be clear, i think a fair outcome for all is quite likely. china has already shown a willingness to open their markets and i believe they will do the right thing.
we raised this with the prior administration and nothing happened. just want a fair outcome, ideally where tariffs/rules are equally moderate. nothing more. hope this does not seem unreasonable.
i am against import duties in general, but the current rules make things very difficult. it’s like competing in an olympic race wearing lead shoes.
also, no us auto company is allowed to own even 50% of their own factory in china, but there are five 100% china-owned ev auto companies in the us
for example, an american car going to china pays 25% import duty, but a chinese car coming to the us only pays 2.5%, a tenfold difference
do you think the us &amp; china should have equal &amp; fair rules for cars? meaning, same import duties, ownership constraints &amp; other factors.
every time alexa laughs, an angel dies, so thank goodness …
depends on what you mean by “doom”
first production cargo trip of the tesla semi heavy duty truck, carrying battery packs from the…
will have model x do a cover of happy birthday by marilyn monroe
literally, if you type “jazz hands”, ios shows this emoji 🤗
i just realized there is a jazz hands emoji 🤗
if there is anyone in the third row, turn off air recirculation. third row cooling happens by air entering from the front and exiting through the vents in the rear bumper.
very proud of the spacex team! can’t believe it’s been fifty falcon 9 launches already. just ten years ago, we couldn’t even reach orbit with little falcon 1.
falcon 9 flight 50 launches tonight, carrying hispasat for spain. at 6 metric tons and almost the size of a city bus, it will be the largest geostationary satellite we’ve ever flown.
very sensible summary of supersonic flight. obvious answer is to fly high, which gives low drag &amp; low boom amplitude at ground. if boom too loud, airframe design probably wrong too.
good points. will add to feature list.
yeah, that should improve soon. software team has been buried in model 3 bringup and tricky bug fixes, but that’s mostly done now.
almost done
deep in the hole with my boring machine. sometimes when we touch, the honesty’s too much ...
probably about a tenth of the cost and a fifth of the time
want to clarify that as individuals, the people responsible for the high costs &amp; long timelines are almost all well-meaning, but the system of incentives is messed up
higher safety &amp; environmental requirements &amp; labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. true root cause imo is an exponential growth in bureaucracy &amp; a self-serving private sector consultant industry earning a % on project cost, incenting them to maximize cost.
and new york
and we are even worse than that in california
china’s progress in advanced infrastructure is more than 100 times faster than the us
wow, if even pinker doesn’t understand the difference between functional/narrow ai (eg. car) and general ai, when the latter *literally* has a million times more compute power and an open-ended utility function, humanity is in deep trouble
end-to-end encryption encoded at firmware level. unlikely to be hacked w current computing tech. if it is (and we learn about it), a crypto fix will go out immediately via network-wide firmware update.
will be simpler than ipv6 and have tiny packet overhead. definitely peer-to-peer.
am feeling optimistic about beating the semi specs announced at the unveiling for the same price. the tesla semi will be something really special.
that was a dm, right?
don’t tell anyone, but the wifi password is “martians”
tintin a &amp; b will attempt to beam “hello world” in about 22 hours when they pass near la
first two starlink demo satellites, called tintin a &amp; b, deployed and communicating to earth stations
about a month
this was an older version booster, so no recovery attempted
missed by a few hundred meters, but fairing landed intact in water. should be able catch it with slightly bigger chutes to slow down descent.
made it back from space and fairing parafoil just deployed. now trying to catch it ...
going to try to catch the giant fairing (nosecone) of falcon 9 as it falls back from space at…
if you love drones above your house, you’ll really love vast numbers of “cars” flying over your head that are 1000 times bigger and noisier and blow away anything that isn’t nailed down when they land
not sure. i let know, but it’s still going. i literally own zero cryptocurrency, apart from .25 btc that a friend sent me many years ago.
that’s just random
if anyone is curious, the name was inspired by the fault in our stars
high altitude wind shear data shows a probable 2% load exceedance. small, but better to be paranoid. postponing launch to tomorrow, assuming winds are better then.
strange though. delta iv heavy has half the payload of falcon heavy and the bo rocket doesn’t exist yet.
i don’t get the little ship thing. you can’t show up at mars in something the size of a rowboat. what if there are martians? it would be so embarrassing.
i’m sure it’s parked around here somewhere …
with asimov’s foundation series etched in glass in the glovebox. zeroth law …
my new toaster
adding software feature to open glovebox automatically when car comes to a stop after a crash. will look at bonding a thin plastic sheet to the front or back of screen.
found the source of the problem. the nasa database has the falcon block 1 performance. version currently in production and set to fly in a few months is block 5. spacex gnc team is submitting updated numbers.
not enough ignition fluid to light the outer two engines after several three engine relights. fix is pretty obvious.
a shortfall of gravitas
a third is under construction
under consideration. we’ve already stretched the upper stage once. easiest part of the rocket to change. fairing 2, flying soon, also has a slightly larger diameter. could make fairing much longer if need be &amp; will if bfr takes longer than expected.
side boosters landing on droneships &amp; center expended is only ~10% performance penalty vs fully expended. cost is only slightly higher than an expended f9, so around $95m.
of course :)
maybe that plan works out, but i will seriously eat my hat with a side of mustard if that rocket flies a national security spacecraft before 2023
that was three years ago, before ula cancelled all medium versions of delta iv. future missions have all delta fixed costs piled on, so their cost is now $600m+ for missions contracted for launch after 2020. nutty high.
both exhaust velocity (isp) and mass ratio drive the rocket equation. also thrust/mass matters a lot for oberth effect. delta upper stage isp is good, but mass ratio and thrust are not.
the performance numbers in this database are not accurate. in process of being fixed. even if they were, a fully expendable falcon heavy, which far exceeds the performance of a delta iv heavy, is $150m, compared to over $400m for delta iv heavy.
love and rockets
now, if i can just figure out how to attach those to a really big shark ...
falcon heavy engine plumes look like giant laser beams in this photo by rocketphotography
last pic of starman in roadster on its journey to mars orbit and then the asteroid belt
third burn successful. exceeded mars orbit and kept going to the asteroid belt.
thank you on behalf of spacex. an exciting future lies ahead!
we’re doing ok for a bunch of monkeys. humanity rocks!
thank you on behalf of spacex
on the rocket lz
printed on the circuit board of a car in deep space
currently over australia 🇦🇺
live view of starman
view from spacex launch control. apparently, there is a car in orbit around earth.
upper stage restart nominal, apogee raised to 7000 km. will spend 5 hours getting zapped in van allen belts &amp; then attempt final burn for mars.
rocket lz 1 and 2
camera views from inside the payload fairing
launch auto-sequence initiated (aka the holy mouse-click) for 3:45 liftoff
upper atmosphere winds currently 20% above max allowable load. holding for an hour to allow winds to diminish.
flight profile
live webcast of the launch at
all systems remain green for launch at 1:30pm est tomorrow
falcon heavy sends a car to mars
starman in red roadster
falcon heavy remains go for launch at 1:30pm on tuesday
mars awaits
falcon heavy launch simulation almost ready. will be set to bowie’s life on mars.
customs problem solved!
or maybe “temperature enhancement device”
apparently, some customs agencies are saying they won’t allow shipment of anything called a “flamethrower”. to solve this, we are renaming it “not a flamethrower”.
early access build and especially dev build are feature-rich, but the features aren’t reliable enough yet
release candidate in final testing phase
i think we’ve figured it out
small detail, but each one will come with a serial number from 1 to 20,000
a snowthrower would be really fun
all flamethrowers will ship with a complimentary boring fire extinguisher
flamethrowers sold out
of course
this rocket was meant to test very high retrothrust landing in water so it didn’t hurt the droneship, but amazingly it has survived. we will try to tow it back to shore.
woz is a lovable, fuzzy bear 🐻
from the world’s leading experts in zombie defense
now that’s a real flamethrower …
falcon heavy in foreground on launch complex 39a and falcon 9 in background on 40
so hard to keep future product releases secret
for sure, and it keeps you warm at the same time
coming soon
sure
sentience is overrated
but wait, there’s more: the flamethrower is sentient, its safe word is “cryptocurrency” and it comes with a free blockchain
hmm ... portal gun. now that would be interesting.
you’d need millions of zombies for a so-called “apocalypse” anyway. where would i even get a factory big enough to make so many!?
the rumor that i’m secretly creating a zombie apocalypse to generate demand for flamethrowers is completely false
good thing you didn’t ask about the freezegun ...
unless you like fun
obviously, a flamethrower is a super terrible idea. definitely don’t buy one.
1,000 ordered already, only 19,000 left!
when the zombie apocalypse happens, you’ll be glad you bought a flamethrower. works against hordes of the undead or your money back!
don’t do this
atf says any flamethrower with a flame shorter than 10 ft is a-ok. our design is max fun for least danger. i’d be way more scared of a steak knife.
great for roasting nuts 🔥 🥜
the boring company flamethrower guaranteed to liven up any party!
say hello to my little friend …
aiming for first flight of falcon heavy on feb 6 from apollo launchpad 39a at cape kennedy. easy viewing from the public causeway.
falcon heavy hold-down firing this morning was good. generated quite a thunderhead of steam. launching in a week or so.
check for updates
done
definitely. you will be able to do pretty much anything via voice command. software team is focused on core model 3 functionality right now, but that will be done soon, then we will add a lot more features.
actually, you can upgrade the battery pack for a huge improvement in range and some improvement in performance. there are other items you can upgrade too (seats, infotainment, etc), but i recommend keeping those parts original.
that sounds cool. will do.
fixed in next release
long exposure of rocket ascent, reentry from space and landing burn. (credit )
good idea. we can just have the menu pop up as soon as you put the car into park.
of course. and an outdoor screen that plays a highlight reel of the best scenes in movie history.
near 405
falcon heavy goes vertical
using a neural net to detect rain using cameras (no dedicated rain or sun sensors). computers are very patient.
come work at the biggest &amp; most advanced factory on earth! located by a river near the beautiful sierra nevada mountains with wild horses roaming free.
rest in peace syd mead. your art will endure.
c tbh
many ways to solve this problem, but the power requirements are much higher than aircraft control surfaces. when moving giant body flaps rapidly, achieving high power is much harder than high torque.
building prototypes is relatively easy, volume production is hard
headed to tesla fremont factory tomorrow to help with vehicle deliveries
biting off more than i can chew. because i’m an optimistic fool.
hard to believe it’s almost time to retire cargo dragon after a decade of solid service
exactly
will talk about that on q4 call
yeah, engineering is ~90% of my time at spacex &amp; about ~60% at tesla
barrel on dome
took me an embarrassingly long time to learn that
sounds about right 🤣🤣
beyond awesome. he was the real deal.
seems so long ago
also, i hate deeply nested classes in c++. had to be said.
the less code, the better! 1 point for adding a line of code, but 2 points for deleting a line. bloatware is the devil.
direct drive using several tesla plaid motors in parallel for sn1. simpler, lighter &amp; more fault tolerant. rear flaps each need ~1.5 megawatts. it’s like moving the entire wing of an aircraft!
tesla merch def needs some love, but too many fish to fry rn
coming …
tesla uses that to wirebond cells to module current collectors. is there a commercially available machine that can weld ~4mm full hard 301 stainless barrels &amp; domes?
we’re focusing on boca right now for starship &amp; cape is focused on falcon/dragon
spin start from copvs so the ox &amp; fuel turbines spool up super fast in unison. a precise start with full flow staged combustion is very important.
moving to an enclosed (fairly) clean room environment for sn2 in jan, although, unlike aluminum, stainless steel welding is not super sensitive. our main issue here in boca is that it can get very windy, which affects weld arc &amp; steel melt pool.
no, will be autogenous from the start, tapping hot ch4 &amp; o2 from raptor
yeah
best would probably be an autogenous laser weld, but we need more precise parts &amp; fixtures. hopefully get that done in 2020.
almost everything is different. these parts are stamped vs manually bump-formed &amp; tip tig welded vs flux core. higher precision, stronger joints &amp; 20% mass reduction.
we use that process for the raptor nozzle jacket. the knuckles of this dome are stamped in michigan with a 4000 ton car body press, which costs much less for same outcome.
almost three now. boca team is crushing it! starship has giant dome 🤣🤣
haha true
muffin or not-muffin
crew dragon is capable of propulsive landing, but would require extensive testing to prove safety. better to focus on starship.
new technology development schedules tend to exhibit a version of zeno’s paradox — at any given point, you’re halfway there
crew dragon should be physically ready &amp; at the cape in feb, but completing all safety reviews will probably take a few more months
simulation of first crewed flight of falcon 9 / dragon 2020
8 years later, the simulation is mostly real
amazing work by tesla china team!! ❤️❤️
tesla app based payment will soon be rolled out ww. it’s tough making functionality work across so many regulatory domains.
is purchasing through the tesla app not working?
i def believe in the ethical treatment of animals &amp; taking action of climate, but these are mostly separate moral issues
nice
renewable energy production (solar, wind, geothermal), improving home insulation &amp; electric transport will do the trick. vegan/vegetarian helps a little, but isn’t critical. we should take the set of actions that maximize total public happiness!
i support people choosing whatever diet makes them happy, but it’s true that everyone going vegan still wouldn’t stop climate change. moving billions of tons of hydrocarbons from deep underground into the atmosphere &amp; oceans is fundamentally the issue.
dam now rly want choc chip muffin
slight tweak to the glass needed &amp; then it should be good to go
what is the platonic ideal of the perfect candy? really feels like candy r&amp;d hasn’t improved in ages. damn candy oligarchs!! [shakes fist at sky]
yeah, boring bricks 🧱 are def coming, but whole team is focused on getting vegas convention center tunnel operational so people can try it out, suggest improvements, etc. i ♥️ crowdsourcing ideas with people who really care about making great products!
certainly worth trying! the objective reality for large cities worldwide is that efforts to solve traffic have not worked well. if we don’t try *something* new, we will be in traffic hell forever.
absolutely. multi-level tunnels can go under buildings, mountains, rivers or anything else &amp; directly connect destinations, like aircraft do in the sky. we just need more of them.
pretty much
sure. trax will get much better &amp; more fun. this is an alpha version.
no, i said we should build more tunnels. put trains in them or cars or whatever, but every large city on earth is plagued by traffic &amp; it’s getting worse. multi-level tunnels might solve this, so worth trying. if you have a better suggestion, please tell us what it is.
that might have something to do with it. “stalin: court of the red tsar” was one of the few books so dark i had to stop reading. if only they’d listened to lenin’s last wish, much tragedy may have been averted.
for sure, but i understand the pulse of twitter pretty well. a sudden avalanche of very similar vitriolic comments from anon accounts usually means someone activated a troll/bot net.
thousands of anon/troll/bot accounts suddenly on the attack. interesting.
sorry about this. we will do our best. the tesla production &amp; delivery teams have been working super hard.
literally. it was at 40th &amp; baltimore in philadelphia before gentrification.
ramones &amp; bach
i hope someone has pics! my mom came to visit one weekend &amp; was quite surprised by it all, but helped work coat check &amp; guarded the cash with a kitchen knife 🤣🤣
to pay rent, we turned our house into a nightclub &amp; charged a $5 entry fee. looked cool at night, but insane by day … blacklights, luminescent spray paint &amp; metal junk sculptures.
🖤 you too
sounds like a marxist with style
exactly
induced demand is one of the most irrational theories i’ve ever heard. correlation is not causation. if the transport system exceeds public travel needs, there will be very little traffic. i support anything that improves traffic, as this negatively affects almost everyone.
this is a pretty awful lie. i left south africa by myself when i was 17 with just a backpack &amp; suitcase of books. worked on my mom’s cousin’s farm in saskatchewan &amp; a lumber mill in vancouver. went to queens univ with scholarship &amp; debt, then same to upenn/wharton &amp; stanford.
this person blocked me, so can’t read the tweet. whats their deal?
we started zip2 with ~$2k from me plus my overclocked home-built pc, ~$5k from my bro &amp; ~$8k from greg kouri (such a good guy — he is greatly missed). my dad provided 10% of a ~$200k angel funding round much later, but by then risk was reduced &amp; round would’ve happened anyway.
he didn’t own an emerald mine &amp; i worked my way through college, ending up ~$100k in student debt. i couldn’t even afford a 2nd pc at zip2, so programmed at night &amp; website only worked during day. where is this bs coming from?
pretty much
probably 2021. depends on regulatory approvals.
hopefully working in caribbean by end of 2020. def by 2021.
maximizing conversion of mass to aimed photons (pure momentum) is actually the highest possible efficiency, which is why an antimatter drive is probably the best way to get to other star systems with known physics. for “close” stars, a laser sail is good too.
yes, but it’s too secret
hopefully fully operational in 2020
boring co is completing its first commercial tunnel in vegas, going from convention center to strip, then will work on other projects
no, he’s still much faster 🐌
these would be road tunnels for zero emissions vehicles only — no toxic fumes is the key. really, just an underground road, but limited to evs (from all auto companies). this is not in place of other solutions, eg light rail, but supplemental to them.
done by dawn
that would be a fringe benefit 🤣🤣
build super safe, earthquake-proof tunnels under cities to solve traffic
flight is hopefully 2 to 3 months away
we’re now building flight design of starship sn1, but each sn will have at least minor improvements, at least through sn20 or so of starship v1.0.
was up all night with spacex team working on starship tank dome production (most difficult part of primary structure). dawn arrives …
please stop spamming bleak links into a paywall
activating engine two …
it is an honor &amp; a privilege to work with so many great engineers
the overarching goal of tesla engineering is maximize area under user happiness curve
it’s not that these things can’t be done, they just absorb a lot of software engineering time, which has great opportunity cost. there are very few excellent software engineers &amp; merely increasing team size results in awful bloatware.
future feature
turn on auto navigate feature &amp; car will activate traffic-based navigation to work, home or calendar, depending on context, as soon as you sit down. no input required at all.
possible, but one step at a time. anything we release to the fleet has big implications these days. for example, if someone’s on data roaming &amp; video is enabled, they will get a giant cell phone bill. operating in 40+ countries results in many corner cases!
seeing b pillar (diagonal fwd) &amp; side repeater (diagonal back) camera views would probably help for tight situations. we can enable access to these views. also, no problem to have option to disable auto lock for home.
we’re building out superchargers as fast as possible! need to ramp v3 supercharger production.
phone notification with ability to view possibly relevant still images is no problem. live video from several cameras is too much bandwidth.
most people still don’t know it’s there
just swipe down on tesla nav button for car to automatically navigate to home, work or destination in calendar
if you enter a longer distance than range, system should autonav to optimal superchargers along the way. is it not doing this correctly?
merry christmas 🎄🎁😀 hope you’re enjoying latest software update!
yer welcome son
car should autonavigate to destinations based on your calendar. if nothing in calendar, should do work in morning &amp; home in evening. future versions will guess based on prior patterns (if preference enabled).
that is odd. try pressing both scroll wheel buttons to reboot. have forwarded this to service.
coming soon
they should double down on insanity of cats. right move.
black mirror
true
needs improvement
he was awesome. i squared r heating is why room temp superconductors aren’t needed to carry power long distances efficiently. just jack up voltage.
stock art
whoa … the stock is so high lol
big communication penalty for remote work, which means the gain in talent that won’t move has to be very high
truth
wow, accurate analysis!
good point
don’t wanna brag but … 🚘💨 was me
henry cavill +1
also fake soundcloud rapper
write games
regarding 2.x to 3 hardware update, that should happen in earnest in q1. software feature delta was zero until now, so not much point in doing it before then.
pretty much, although if there was a way to spend money to solve software problems sooner, i’d love it. the real constraint is finding great software engineers.
ok sure
sorry for the delay on v2.x! we just couldn’t get it all done in time.
unfortunately, this has been necessary for many years, but hopefully not forever
my wiki is a war zone with a zillion edits. at least it’s obviously not curated! some day, i should probably write what *my* fictionalized version of reality is 🤣🤣
started zip2 with ~$2k &amp; ~$100k of student debt, rolled proceeds into x/paypal, rolled proceeds again into spacex/tesla, but these are all companies where i played fundamental founding role. not right to ask others to put in money if i don’t put in mine.
if tesla &amp; spacex go bankrupt, so will i. as it should be.
just looked at my wiki for 1st time in years. it’s insane! btw, can someone please delete “investor”. i do basically zero investing.
pre vfx cut would be $$$$
another milestone
that’s certainly our impression, but it’s an old version of tesla software, so effect is limited
“in-house” 🤣🤣
the real reason for looper was to travel back in time &amp; stop a terrible calamity — the premiere of cats!
for sure
great show 🐼
holiday gift ideas
we’re working on moving more cars to florida. end of year delivery is intense! very proud of tesla team for all their hard work.
it’s been years
i try so hard with these jokes!
starfleet begins
for sure!🤞
orbit is hard. best wishes for landing &amp; swift recovery to next mission.
does it like the smiths?
needs a few more days of validation, then early access, then wide release
tesla holiday software update has fsd sneak preview, stardew valley, lost backgammon &amp; a few other things
you don’t hear much about element 43
no, as that’s og mobileye hardware
cinnamon toast crunch
this is quite a thorny hardware problem, as there are many diff versions of mcu &amp; autopilot computer &amp; supporting hardware. cars last so much longer than phones! hopefully able to upgrade mcu1 &amp; ap2.0 in a few months.
this mode will show pic of moth &amp; play the smiths
tesla moth mode (better late than never)
yes, just costs a few thousand dollars &amp; is more complex than a board swap. bunch of connectors &amp; antennas need to change. we can improve the speed a little with software optimization, which might be enough.
i think we can improve that with a little software optimization
mcu (infotainment computer) upgrade not recommended imo. isn’t needed for full self-driving &amp; cost is ~$2k for limited entertainment improvements.
never trust cynics, as they excuse their own bad deeds by telling themselves everyone does it
yes, probably &amp; partially
some good ideas here!
telemetry indicates soft touchdown on the water, so fairing might still be reusable
sigh …
possibly excession, but i’d recommend reading player of games &amp; surface detail first. they’re all great.
raptor is making great progress! just finished an engineering review with spacex propulsion. engine sn 17 is about to ship to mcgregor with some holiday style 🎄😀
age of napoleon is excellent
this is how we will view fossil fuel cars
crossing s-curves standard for tech transitions
nice to meet you
baby yoda 💕
we are literally a brain in a vat. the vat is your skull. everything you think is real is an electrical signal. feels so real though.
games only render what you look at when you look at it, as the compute load would otherwise be impossibly high. until observed, objects are a probability function, aka quantum mechanics.
blame minecraft
smol ∩ puppy ∩ math
plausible
meant to say “is render speed”. frame rate is locked.
there are 2 type of people: those who understand binary &amp; those who don’t. and those who weren’t expecting a ternary joke.
your dlc is $$$$
way too many paywalls &amp; spawn points
seriously, the npc dialog tree should have more options
of course
if life is a video game, the graphics are great, but the plot is confusing &amp; the tutorial is way too long
sure
root of energy to mass ratio is max render speed of the simulation
math jokes have a small audience
kids these days have no respect!
that’s the one!
it really does
they smashed the window to steal the radio, which was worth maybe $20. got a replacement from junkyard. btw, great deals available from junkyards! it’s pretty fun fixing/upgrading cars.
yeah, 1978 320i that i bought in ‘93 for $1400. i hotrodded it by jamming in a 5 speed transmission from a later model i found in a philly junkyard when the 4 speed transmission failed.
couldn’t afford to pay for repairs, so i fixed almost everything on that car from parts in the junkyard. ironically, that’s me replacing broken side window glass. the circle is complete lol.
maybe on starship? it’s def got the payload capacity …
just wish russ mitchell would improve the *quality* of his fiction. is this too much to ask!?
yeah, it’s one of my favorite t-shirts!
we’ll aim to have it come out same time as truck. two seater electric atv designed to work with cybertruck will be fun! electric dirt bikes would be cool too. we won’t do road bikes, as too dangerous. i was hit by a truck &amp; almost died on one when i was 17.
your twitter comments are great btw!
this may sound crazy, but asking real people what they’d like in a product is a great way to meet their needs
there will be no loss of either
that will require a full redesign, but probably ~73 inches or ~185 cm width
true, more for parking at destination. really needs to fit in same external envelope as a full-size suv, but with better height control with air suspension, so it can fit in low clearance parking garages.
we can prob reduce width by an inch &amp; maybe reduce length by 6+ inches without losing on utility or esthetics. min height is below 75 inches when air suspension set to low. will post exact number soon.
speed solves everything
he’s def wrong. solar power is a gigawatt per square km! all you need is a 100 by 100 mile patch in a deserted corner of arizona, texas or utah (or anywhere) to more than power the entire usa. this analysis goes through calcs
super strong roof that generates clean energy, looks great &amp; costs less than a normal roof plus solar panels!
for sure
if we create a city on mars, earth-mars travel will be a powerful forcing function for inventing something like warp drive
launching third flight of this dragon spacecraft to tomorrow
bravo, right thing to do! short selling should be illegal.
people often think they’re breathing oxygen, but are actually breathing nitrogen (78%) with a side serving of oxygen (21%) in argon sauce (1%), spiced up with co2, h2o &amp; a dash of neon &amp; krypton (etc.)
hydrogen is a light, odorless gas, which, given enough time, turns into people who will make this statement
still can’t believe how hard it was to get
we sent the nicest person in the company to sit on his doorstep until he at least talked to us &amp; then he said yes
tesla was almost called faraday, as original holder of tesla motors trademark refused to sell it to us!
it’s artificial
do you like our owl?
laminar air flow due to a completely smooth bottom is underappreciated
that’s why cybertruck has active suspension height &amp; damping control
safety work is done by engineering, with passive safety by body/chassis eng &amp; active by autopilot. design in automotive refers to look &amp; feel.
they are dead to me
it’s a generational thing
with extreme effort, cybertruck might hit a 0.30 drag coefficient, which would be insane for a truck. requires tweaking many small details.
just because he has a flamethrower and i have a flamethrower doesn’t mean … um … ok fine i’m hank scorpio
this one is deep. happy thanksgiving!
the finest in apocalypse protection technology! flamethrower optional.
def not dainty
yes, cybertruck will have steel balls 🤣🤣
sure, will aim to do this next week
agreed, this will be exciting to see!
electric motors also have insane torque. if we load both trucks to the max, electric still wins. physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation.
bring it on
cybertruck is inspired by games like halo. warthog irl!!
yup. sledgehammer impact on door cracked base of glass, which is why steel ball didn’t bounce off. should have done steel ball on window, *then* sledgehammer the door. next time …
cybertruck pulls f-150 uphill
higher hardness, higher strength &amp; doesn’t cost crazy money for ~3mm skins
in general, this is something tesla should do
we should def make it good to hang out there
cybertruck is our last product unveil for a while, but there will be some (mostly) unexpected technology announcements next year
good question. it’s a new variant of 300 series stainless steel, but it also gets cold-worked many times, depending on kilotonnage of press.
can be wrapped in any color!
the body panels will actually be laser cut!
long term, it probably makes sense to build a smaller cybertruck too
interesting idea
true
really? ok sure.
hardcore body engineers will understand this at a profound level
haha true! new manufacturing methods are certainly needed, but then i’m confident it will actually cost less, because of its simplicity &amp; lower part count.
⚔️ study the blade!! ⚔️
we’re creating this alloy at tesla. not a problem to create a lot of it, but we’ll need to come up with new body manufacturing methods, as it can’t be made using standard methods.
starship steel decision came first. we were going to use titanium skins for cybertruck, but cold-rolled 30x stainless is much stronger.
even bending it requires a deep score on inside of bend, which is how the prototype was made
reason cybertruck is so planar is that you can’t stamp ultra-hard 30x steel, because it breaks the stamping press
excellent review by marques!
haha v true
with no advertising &amp; no paid endorsement
146k cybertruck orders so far, with 42% choosing dual, 41% tri &amp; 17% single motor
great analysis
that would be cool
gonna have some sick attachments
riding in the cybertruck
sure
franz throws steel ball at cybertruck window right before launch. guess we have some improvements to make before production haha.
🖤🖤🖤 syd mead 🖤🖤🖤
we threw same steel ball at same window several times right before event &amp; didn’t even scratch the glass!
better truck than an f-150, faster than a porsche 911. order cybertruck online at
will be an option to add solar power that generates 15 miles per day, possibly more. would love this to be self-powered. adding fold out solar wings would generate 30 to 40 miles per day. avg miles per day in us is 30.
tesla 2 person electric atv will come at first as an option for cybertruck
nobody *expects* the cybertruck
haha
high time we had a tesla coil!
coming soon! we’re working to complete the full supercharger route from london to shanghai.
tesla cybertruck (pressurized edition) will be official truck of mars
of course
fun party guaranteed!
long journey
tonight
absolutely, but to move to mk3 design. this had some value as a manufacturing pathfinder, but flight design is quite different.
maybe won’t need a key at all
so many reporters gave chanos airtime when he called tesla a worthless fraud. now that he has been proven wrong, silence …
gravitas is overrated
that would be cool
national science foundation, u should add a w to ur name. would get way more clicks. ur welcome.
78% of people want to gentrify mordor
the china space industry is very impressive
cephalopods have a strange intelligence
it certainly does
true
not sure. maybe write or message carmakers who oppose the environmental initiative?
even toyota, who made the prius. that is sad.
guess i was obsessed with space from an early age. fair point.
i’d be way too embarrassed to put that on a tesla. it’s like a kid’s drawing.
congratulations on the mach e! sustainable/electric cars are the future!! excited to see this announcement from ford, as it will encourage other carmakers to go electric too.
exactly! well said.
surprisingly common
cybertruck unveil thursday night
innovation comes in many ways
meaning not fair that boeing gets so much more for the same thing
this doesn’t seem right
true
seems likely. 🧝‍♂️🧝‍♂️ = hipsters.
right now, trajectory of neuro-silicon symbiosis doesn’t appear to intersect trajectory of agi. goal of neuralink is to raise this probability above 0.0%.
we fought the balrog last year
it was tacheles
there will be many opportunities for both new &amp; experienced people!
yeah, makes sense
congrats to tesla team on model 3 winning best midsize car in germany! 🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪
will build batteries, powertrains &amp; vehicles, starting with model y
congratulations!
starlink vertical on the pad
haha
exactly
without a fully &amp; rapidly reusable orbital rocket, humanity will never be a multiplanet species
bad logic is always ugly
deleting throttle allows the engine to achieve max thrust on max thrust variant. other variants will have throttle.
spacex engine production is gearing up to build about a raptor a day by next year, so up to 365 engines per year. most will be the (as high as) 300 ton thrust (but no throttle &amp; no gimbal) variant for super heavy. cumulative thrust/year could thus be as high as 100,000 tons/year.
raptor is evolving rapidly. probably wouldn’t consider it to be even v1.0 until roughly engine 50, although probably engines 12+ can be retrofitted for orbital flight, especially on super heavy, which is less sensitive to engine variation. it just needs crazy up force!
pretty much
exactly! it’s also a far more exciting &amp; inspiring future if consciousness is out there among the stars, than forever confined to earth until some eventual extinction event, however far in the future that may be (hopefully, very far).
no, in the beginning, assuming you even make it there alive, mars will be far more dangerous &amp; difficult than earth &amp; take decades of hard labor to make self-sufficient. that’s the sales pitch. want to go?
so it will take about 20 years to transfer a million tons to mars base alpha, which is hopefully enough to make it sustainable
as the planets align only once every two years
a thousand ships will be needed to create a sustainable mars city
no problem. we could program starship to perform swan lake in the sky. minimizing landing burn propellant mass is what’s hard.
current global payload to orbit capacity is about 500 tons per year, of which falcon is about half
if we build as many starships as falcons, so ~100 vehicles &amp; each does 100 tons to orbit, that’s a capacity of 10 million tons of payload to orbit per year
payload to orbit per year of starship fleet is most mind-blowing metric, as it’s designed to fly 3x per day, which is ~1000x per year
the economics have to be something like that to build a self-sustaining city on mars
gas/diesel cars too
true
extremism is so fun! ()
the date is strangely familiar …
cybertruck unveil on nov 21 in la near spacex rocket factory
looking into it
the audience of entrepreneurs should try it, not the af
naturally
this is based on an incorrect electrek article. the air force asked me to speak at a startup conference called “pitch day” &amp; i happened to mention cybertruck. they don’t buy apcs. it’s the air force.
connected, autonomous cars require great software. advanced factories also require great software. the car industry is not very good at software.
more to come
would be odd to expect anything else
that said, most starship spaceports will probably need to be ~20 miles / 30km offshore for acceptable noise levels, especially for frequent daily flights, as would occur for point to point flights on earth
wow, 2011 seems like eons ago! with fairing recovery, falcon is ~80% reusable, but reflight takes several days &amp; requires boats. starship will be fully reusable with booster reflight possible every few hours &amp; ship reflight every 8 hours. no boats needed.
great poem
great work by spacex dragon team &amp; airborne! to be clear, we’ve only done 1 multi-parachute test of mk3 design, so 9 more left to reach 10 successful tests in a row.
putting model s in range mode is the opposite of launch mode, as it minimizes performance in favor of range. show should be called “low gear”!
tesla solarglass vs 🎃 happy halloween!!
sorry, drag times is correct, top gear is wrong
drag race times analysis is correct. also, there’s a software upgrade for model s coming out that increases peak power by 50hp, so model s should beat porsche taycan turbo s by a wider margin in 0 to 60 &amp; 1/4 mile races.
walking on a tesla solarglass roof is definitely no problem!
thank for helping grow sustainable energy through solar!
congrats! shopify is great btw. nice work.
the fires are all too real
haha true
hard to say with high accuracy, but 4 to 6 weeks is my best guess
soon, spacex will launch astronauts to !
that’s significantly improved in current production
true, my name literally means tree
if you have autonav enabled, car will automatically navigate either to address in calendar, to work if you’re home &amp; to home if at work. not sure if that’s in wide release yet, but def in early access. it’s an awesome feature.
“i always like going south; somehow, it feels like going downhill.”
for treebeard
ok, sounds legit, will donate 1m trees
sounds cool. where are the trees being planted &amp; what kind of trees?
making a roof out of kindling in a fire risk zone is not recommended
we’re changing this from storm watch to disaster watch to cover fires, earthquakes, etc
very true. glass doesn’t burn &amp; melting point is extremely high, so much more resilient than asphalt or wood roofs.
i hate advertising
unfortunately, it’s hard to google tesla solar links due to tons of ads &amp; seo. go to to add solar to an existing roof &amp; for a new roof with integrated solar.
we don’t make much money on this product, so $1000 actually means a lot
if you’re directly affected by wildfire power outages, tesla is reducing solar+powerwall prices by $1000 as of today
apologies to those waiting for solar/powerwall outside california, as we are prioritizing those affected by wildfires
so true. imagine if phones were gasoline powered. total sales would be like 14 units worldwide! using oil/gas &amp; being forced to constantly visit toxic chemical dispensing stations will seem so insane in the future!
homes with solar sell for 4.1% more, according to zillow. adding a powerwall battery is highly likely to increase home value too imo, as security against blackouts is increasingly important.
i’d recommend regular solar panels for flat roofs
extremely high
will do what we can for anyplace affected by natural disasters
us clean energy incentive drops by 4% on jan 1, so orders must be received by roughly nov 15 to be installed in time
tesla solar plus powerwall battery backup for 24/7 clean energy &amp; no blackouts at
sure
took my son to play piano for the seniors home in pasadena. it was lovely to see them smile ♥️
thanks to everyone at tesla who worked so hard over the years to make our fremont factory successful!
sandwich time travel is the only explanation
physics facts
yes, you can walk on the tesla solarglass roof. in stilettos, if you want 😉
yes, wight destruction guaranteed or your money back!
tesla solarglass roof
will start at ~2:15. sorry for slight delay.
haha true
srsly
transparent aluminum is a real thing!
that would be cool. surfaces that see the sun should be alive with power, not inert!
maybe call tesla solar roof tiles product solarglass? like dragonglass, but solar!
gwynne rocks! starlink will probably be a little bumpy at first, but then improve rapidly.
strange to think that our civilization is only ~5000 years old, if dated from earliest writing. less than the lifespan of a fruit fly, compared to age of earth.
to be clear, integrated solar tiles only make financial sense for new houses or replacement roofs. if your roof is more than 5 years away from replacement, solar retrofit is recommended
this product may appear simple, but actually *very* difficult to get right
will do an open call q&amp;a
major fud incoming for sure … haha
i have v1, but will switch to v3
tesla solar tile roof v3 launch tomorrow at 2pm
sure
but actually …
super proud of tesla team for great execution &amp; support of tesla customers greatly appreciated!!
tesla q3 results: - shanghai giga ahead of schedule - model y ahead of schedule - solar installs +48% from q2 - gaap profitable - positive free cash flow
internal camera isn’t used yet (meant for robotaxi), but that’s a good idea
please lmk about your experience and what can be improved
coming soon
whoa, it worked!!
sending this tweet through space via starlink satellite 🛰
homes with solar sell for 4.1% more, according to zillow
more carrot, less stick
very likely that a home with clean power that’s lower cost than utility, plus blackout protection via powerwall, will have a positive effect on value
pg&amp;e says rolling blackouts expected in california for next 10 years!
order tesla solar + powerwall battery for 24/7 clean power &amp; no blackouts!
going offline for a few days
both at the same time!
more about dealing with failure modes &amp; roll control
need to deal with thrust asymmetry from flameout of an engine without forcing shutdown of opposing pair engine, which would double thrust loss. also, thrust differential doesn’t solve roll control well.
common myth, but incorrect
and so begins the robocalypse …
tesla wins best headlights award 🥇
the final configuration used at nürburgring to set the record will go into production around summer 2020, so this is not merely for the track
anyone who’s interested in working on cutting edge manufacturing — designing &amp; building the machine that makes the machine — please consider working at tesla or spacex. we’re gonna take this to a whole new level!
tesla team has done an incredible job with giga shanghai. honored to work with them. i’m in awe.
so much respect for those doing high volume manufacturing. it’s insanely hard, but you make a real thing that people value. my hat is off to you …
tesla is first american car company to achieve sustained volume production in past ~100 years. hardest, most painful thing i’ve ever been through, including getting falcon to orbit.
prototypes are easy, but achieving volume production of a new technology is insanely hard
and the lead character is also named woody
yeah, gimbal sl engines at min throttle for control, so most of impulse goes through vac engines
conservation of energy tells you the answer
looking forward to kerbal 2!
we def could be wrong about this, but it’s actually good to fix high efficiency vacuum engines with giant nozzles in place &amp; only thrust vector engines with smaller nozzles. don’t need a lot of room &amp; moment of inertia is much lower.
also, we’re keeping area ratio low enough to fire raptor vac at sea level without flow separation, so that’s leaving a lot on the table
couple months, but v1.0 of raptor vac is suboptimal, as optimized for speed of development. isp maybe 365 to 370 sec.
max thrust version of raptor should achieve true t/w &gt; 170. target is 1.5 ton engine with &gt;260 t-f. max isp version should achieve ~380 sec, but t/w probably &lt;120 due to big nozzle. these are just guesses for now.
oberth effect is not well appreciated. value of high thrust low in gravity well is not captured in simple delta-v equation. one of the reasons we favor ch4 over h2.
this is true. all that matters is number used in ∆v equation. propellant residuals are incredibly important, often overwhelming engine mass.
big challenge for starship refueling on the moon is finding sources of carbon. probably some pretty big deposits in craters from meteorites. same goes for hydrogen &amp; oxygen, also in (shadowed) craters.
we’re working on a simple initial version of autopark. will be safe, but sometimes park in silly places that aren’t actual parking spaces.
yeah, great team!
to be precise, r is distance from center of masses of two objects. center of mass of earth is ~6400km, so gravity change is small at space station altitude, which is ~6800km from center of earth.
exactly. and you can on the moon, since it has no atmosphere.
most people aren’t aware that orbit (and “zero” gravity) is all about horizontal speed, not altitude. a spacecraft needs to travel about 25 times the speed of sound to stay in space.
yeah, will be raptor vertical test stand. hopefully allows simplification of raptor design, as pump shaft wear &amp; drainage is better in vertical config. also, more representive of flight. test as you fly …
will start rendering traffic cones in the display soon
venus would be very difficult
true
yes, we will
it is actually called deep rain, as sort of a joke at tesla. takes a surprising amount of deep learning to know when &amp; how fast to move the wipers.
deep rain™️ neural net coming soon. we’re not trademarking any other autopilot neural nets, just this one, because rain is deep.
♥️ hot pot
cybertruck doesn’t look like anything i’ve seen bouncing around the internet. it’s closer to an armored personnel carrier from the future.
those rumors are false
coming v soon
haha
ms. chief &amp; ms. tree
space jam should’ve won the oscar
recommended for sure. both movies are incredible.
first will rewatch godfather part ii, then space jam
underappreciated 🎥, will watch!
is space jam good?
so it goes
sure looks that way
nice 🤣🤣
depends on total system efficiency &amp; how long the propellant plant can run to refill starship, so 1 to 10mw as a rough guess
whoa, that does look good!
fair point. will hold on eu price change until tesla gets clarity from regulators about smart summon feature release date.
french fries 🍟 are the devil 😈
., are you aware that one of your senior journalists (russ mitchell) is openly funding a fake charity run by an online bully?
super messed up situation!
several finesse improvements coming to smart summon in coming weeks. will be smooth as silk.
should be much better at this point
price for fully installed solar plus battery has been reduced ~10% to help those affected by blackouts
yes, but probably a year or two away. lot of fish to fry …
tesla cannot continue to lose money. to achieve our goal of environmental sustainability, tesla must be financially sustainable or we will cease to exist.
when the car is fsd without supervision, ie robotaxi, you’ll be able to earn far more than monthly lease/loan cost by allowing others to use it. managing a small fleet of robotaxis will be a career for many &amp; much better than driving a single car.
putting panels on east or west facing roofs works well too. energy loss is fairly minor. just north facing that’s problematic above ~30 deg latitude.
working with engineering team to figure out best way to do upgrade without crushing service team. will start doing upgrades in volume in a few months, coincident with more fsd features being released.
still working with rdw, the car regulatory authority in netherlands. unclear why there’s a delay. other countries are supportive.
now that tesla v10.0 with smart summon is out, full self-driving price will increase by $1000 on nov 1
get tesla solar plus powerwall battery for 24/7 clean power &amp; no more blackouts!
will be throughout canada
fundamental metric of good of tesla is how many years sooner it brings the advent of a sustainable energy future
true 🤣🤣
i ♥️ asterix &amp; obelix!
also adding tesla solar to our supercharger stations as fast as possible. goal is 24/7 clean power with no blackouts.
sooo annoying!!
we’re changing powerwall storm watch to disaster watch. covers more bases.
no change
important for moonbase alpha!
working on it
even gary likes it!
it’s really quite fun!
but we call it “caraoke”, because it’s in a 🚘
tesla software v10.0 comes with karaoke 🎤
a shortfall of gravitas
next update
siq burn, gary, siq burn
why is there no emoji for dignity!!
door hinge
the color orange is named after the fruit
will remove
thanks for mentioning. should be enabled on all loaner cars.
yeah
not easily, as requires wire harness changes
i’m in the credits
worth reading “human compatible” by stuart russell (he’s great!) about future ai risks &amp; solutions
all hardware is at the cape. need to do static fire and reconfigure for flight. launch probably late nov / early dec.
we had to reallocate some resources to speed this up &amp; received great support from airborne, our parachute supplier. i was at their irvine factory with the spacex team on sat and sun. we’re focusing on the advanced mk3 chute, which provides highest safety factor for astronauts.
for what it’s worth, the spacex schedule, which i’ve just reviewed in depth, shows falcon &amp; dragon at the cape &amp; all testing done in ~10 weeks
culture class is really something
i hope so
we’re doomed!
haha true
done
trouble!
and that’s just the tip of the iceberg
agreed
good ones
agreed, fair point
any feature requests?
given how quickly the world is shifting to electric vehicles, a gas/diesel vehicle bought today will probably have low resale value
will consider
sure
customized horn &amp; movement sounds (coconuts being one, of course) coming to teslas soon
haha
we will understand the next question
to understand the nature of consciousness
it’s true 🤣🤣
exactly
great list of hotel hacks in this thread!
excited about launching asteroid defense mission!
let’s go boyz!
sorry it took so long!
wow, cool! summon will get steadily smoother until it’s like an expert chauffeur who knows you well.
welded steel
rosetta by vangelis is incredible
not sure, will ask regulators
enhanced should get it too
aiming for this weekend!
hopefully, a month or two, although it may be a little silly at first
not yet
first point release update expected to go out this weekend
over 550,000 tesla smart summon uses in first few days!
thanks, tesla team is the strongest it’s ever been &amp; doing an amazing job! honored to work beside them.
if 20km works, then orbit
great summary of the key points!
that’s about right, except no sensors. tile itself is the sensor as it will partially ablate where too hot &amp; have to be replaced.
it’s all the “secondary” structure that concerns me, not engines &amp; primary airframe
raptor cost is tracking to well under $1m for v1.0. goal is &lt;$250k for v2.0 is a 250 ton thrust-optimized engine, ie &lt;$1000/ton
agreed &amp; such a heartwarming photo ♥️
i have that exact thought every time i get the flu
clearly a sign of the apocalypse!
lot of ways to melt &amp; join steel. mostly just needs to be welded consistently &amp; with precise parts.
thankfully not. fsw is very difficult to get right &amp; not needed with steel.
production version will be a lot more polished than this prototype, but still fun to see
bigger flaps/fins at rear also moves center of pressure back
haha yes
in solving for a good mars climate, we will learn a great deal about how to do so on earth. it is the inverse problem.
inside starship cargo bay. header tanks mounted in tip of nosecone to offset engine weight at rear.
cool video!
probably our most viral feature ever. most of the autopilot team has been working on this, led by ashok, cj, andrej &amp; many others.
rage, rage against the dying of the light
we’re going to use the pedestrian pink noise speaker to talk to people &amp; create customized horn sounds. “i beg your pardon, but would you be so kind as to allow me to proceed?” said in the voice of mr. darcy.
special light pattern (but not hazards, as they’re too shrill) seems right
makes sense
precisely
to make life as we know it multiplanetary
starship will allow us to inhabit other worlds
starship halves being joined
summon is improving rapidly
there’s so much power going through this engine that it’s close to the limit of the known physics of materials in many places
no, we’ve been focusing on production (now on sn12). only need 250 bar or even a bit less for starship/super heavy. anything above 250 is nice to have &amp; we’ll get around to it, but not needed for flight.
probably around 6 or 7pm
what blows my mind is that peak pressure in regen chamber &amp; nozzle is *far* above combustion pressure at over 800 bar or ~12,000 psi
figure of speech
meanwhile, back in reality
media report was false
raptor uses milled copper channels with an inconel jacket all the way down
three raptors on a starship
wow, it’s been 5 years since we started at boca!
about a week. will include slight improvements, based on initial user feedback.
we look for rare corner case issues with a limited release us build, then expand internationally as we receive approval from regulatory authorities. so, soon, but hard to say exactly.
gary, you rock!
tesla v10.0 just started rolling out to all us tesla owners with fsd option &amp; “advanced download” selected in vehicle software settings
more like
anonymous bot swarms deserve a closer examination. if they’re evolving rapidly, something’s up.
if advanced ai (beyond basic bots) hasn’t been applied to manipulate social media, it won’t be long before it is
exactly
that would be a nice touch
this is quite a complex beast, but hopefully within a month or so
haha awesome
we could probably do that
not sure we could go quite that tight, but we can for sure allow much narrower spaces at user’s discretion
with rare exceptions, composites would make starship heavier. they don’t stand up well to high temperatures, but steel does great.
mk1 ship is around 200 tons dry &amp; 1400 tons wet, but aiming for 120 by mk4 or mk5. total stack mass with max payload is 5000 tons.
absolutely
you’re welcome! feature requests always appreciated.
six. two windward, one under each fin &amp; two leeward. provides redundancy for landing on unimproved surfaces.
lifting lower section of starship
exactly
impressive work by chad &amp; steve!
almost entirely c++, but we did have an (advanced for the time) client-side java app for viewing maps &amp; (weirdly) a 3d hockey game in vrml
mostly c/c++, python &amp; sql
it would be pretty embarrassing to use a non-tesla battery!
this includes original engineering of new factory processes &amp; cars. great engineers will only join if original engineering is supported, not just localization.
tesla is building a major engineering team in china, incl heavy focus on software/firmware for factory &amp; car
for sure more than one pass coming back to earth. to mars could maybe work single pass, but two passes probably wise.
could do it, but we developed low cost reusable tiles that are much lighter than transpiration cooling &amp; quite robust
better just to ride your max temp all the way down &amp; let t^4 be your friend. lower atmosphere cools you down real fast, so not crazy hot after landing.
exactly. for reusable heatshield, minimize peak heating. for ablative/expendable, minimize total heat. therefore reusable like starship wants lift during high mach reentry for lower peak, but higher total heat.
it does actually generate lift in hypersonic regime, which is important to limit peak heating
many powerful electric motors &amp; batteries. force required is enormous, as entire fin moves. more about this on the 28th.
that’s correct. essentially controlled falling, like a skydiver.
herbert diess is doing more than any big carmaker to go electric. the good of the world should come first. for what it’s worth, he has my support.
just sent a note to check
some secrets are too dangerous to be free
“between the trees and the forest floor, it’s like a giant mural,” continued the veritable high priest of the harvest season, adding that he would soon have to rake his driveway, an activity for which he will most certainly don a cashmere scarf.
hoping to open in slovakia, croatia, serbia &amp; most of eastern europe early next year. finally, we will do nikola tesla proud by having his cars in his countries of origin!
og roadster is def helping us out here with 826m miles by itself
ahem … well … um …
classified as a uro, unidentified road object (from area 69)
spacex foundry is used exclusively for advanced alloys/shapes for raptor, incl our superalloy, sx500
bottom half of starship at night. top half with forward fins &amp; header tanks probably stacks on wednesday. three raptors already installed.
raceway &amp; flap hinge aero covers
just leaving spacex starship build site in boca
super heavy rocket will be much like falcon 9, but the ship is a strange combination of dragon, f9 &amp; a skydiver.
approximately correct. we also fire the acs thrusters to rotate the vehicle &amp; ignite raptors at full gimbal angle to complete the turn.
for aero control, it comes down to % of cross-sectional area moving vs not. flexible as to whether front or rear, so long as within bounds of center of mass &amp; pressure.
current analysis, which i’m not fully bought into, suggests that 2 rear fins with separate airframe-mounted legs will be lighter, so this is the plan for mk1/mk2
stability is controlled by (very) rapid movement of rear &amp; fwd fins during entry &amp; landing, as well as acs thrusters. the smaller leeward “fin” would simply be used as a leg.
stability is not an issue with 3
nose tip has forward movable fins, cold gas attitude control thrusters, header tanks for landing, composite pressure vessels, several large batteries, etc. placed up there to balance high mass of raptors &amp; rear fins at the bottom.
yes. there’s a huge amount of hardware in the tip of the faring that being integrated on the ground, which is why we haven’t closed it out.
adding the rear moving fins to starship mk1 in boca chica, texas
thanks!
either way, sustainable energy wins!!
srsly
it’s my 🔥 glasses 😉
sure. have to do it on mars from beginning. will ultimately do that on earth too, so rocket flights will be zero net carbon long-term.
next quarter
will discuss with my product team next week, but probably
great work by spacex parachute engineering! the crew dragon parachutes are way more difficult than they may seem. the apollo program found them to be so hard that it became a notable morale problem!
a 16 year old who has better reasoning &amp; more heart than the vast majority of political leaders
that’s what life was like back in 1985
you have been warned
no, it’s one integrated release
fixing several minor bugs &amp; a regression in highway driving, so probably early to mid next week
much better chess engine coming
well said
very meaningful action by the company that invented the internal combustion engine. people will remember this day. respect.
electric is the future! congratulations daimler!!
nice compression
and of course, this one, but that’s obv
for some reason, i always loved this formula
whoa cool
nice
amazingly, this is not an onion article
lane offset should be much better in v10.0
told you ai was dangerous!! 🔥💣💦
in other news …
busted
a little, but this is mostly a design update for those interested
haha
landing leg frame
glad you’re ok!
you never know …
exactly
actually, model 3 would beat the taycan on nürburgring over multiple laps, as it has more range
no, but very close
rear facing, but roomier. great for family gatherings! i did a road trip across america with my five boys &amp; talulah in the 7 seat model s several years ago.
absolutely
new roadster and x will come later
no, original 5 forward facing seats plus 2 rear-facing smaller seats. the new rear seats will accommodate larger passengers than before.
it’s a start. we expect these track times to be beaten by the actual production 7 seat model s plaid variant that goes into production around oct/nov next year.
thanks, i will stop by on the 20th!
they’re available through the app, but we need to make them easier to find
area 51 of area 51
droid junkyard, tatooine
absolutely
feeling lucky (google tribute!) or hungry are 100% intended for max enjoyment of tesla owner. if location has destination chargers, that’s a plus, but car should only route there if location is great. this will be hit &amp; miss initially, but should hone towards excellent over time.
great conversation-starter!
damn …
i want this t-shirt!
service center expansion is at max speed, so yes
sure, i’m planning on meeting community supporters around the presentation on the 28th. thanks!
maybe we can buffer enough of it onboard. will check.
🚀♥️ starship team ♥️🚀
that’s what we believe is highly likely
i ♥️ visiting boca chica, brownsville &amp; texas in general! thanks for all your support!!
getting close
yes, coming soon
oh that would be fun. will see.
joe mode is the best mode
thanks tesla owners. you rock!! ♥️♥️
wise words from gary the bot
however, we won’t customize the contract or engage in negotiations. that just causes the tesla &amp; customer legal bill to be high &amp; drag things out. pay for clean power, not lawyers! it makes way more sense.
good analysis. you can order commercial solar in literally 30 secs if you use apple pay at
exactly! we’ve only one car factory in california &amp; one gigafactory (for batteries &amp; drive units) in nevada. giga shanghai will do cars, batteries &amp; drive units for the greater china area. over time, regional gigafactories will lower costs &amp; improve logistics worldwide.
should note that these product mix &amp; logistics errors also results in regional *undersupply*, eg uk &amp; ireland right now, but we don’t raise the prices even so. the intent, at any given moment in time, is: heads we lose, tails buyers win.
that’s not to say that tesla people somewhere in the world are being overzealous &amp; possibly overstepping our core principles, which is why i’m looking into it
at end of quarter, there is always some error in product mix allocation between the roughly 40 global regions, due to planning mistakes &amp; logistics problems (earth is a big place). small changes in prices are needed to correct local supply/demand imbalances.
the fundamental operating principle is that prices, while they may change, will change for all equally &amp; should never be a function of bargaining. this is normal for most products, but weirdly not for the auto industry in most parts of the world.
agreed
going to early access (including all who bought fsd) tesla owners in us next week. if us early access rollout looks good, then rest of world early access owners following week. might be some delays in eu for regulatory approval.
there aren’t really meant to be “tesla incentives”, just general price changes to reflect optimal value of product, as we sometimes get prices of some variants wrong or need to (partially) address shifts in tax incentives. overarching principle, however, is same deal for all.
looking into this. a fundamental premise of tesla is that everyone is offered same terms at same time, ie what you get should never be a function of bargaining.
hopefully, next year
personally, i think the universe looks great for 12 billion years, let alone 13.8
sagan was awesome
they used to have butt bellows for blowing smoke up your … along the thames river in london
haha exactly!
yes, that’s exactly what i meant, gary the bot!
tesla commercial solar ordering now live at
at least they had great cigars 👍
ahem
a speedraptor is a velociraptor with no sense of direction (that’s how you can them apart)
this is technically a speedraptor
autopilot active crash prevention keeps getting better, as we examine every crash for improvement &amp; then upload smarter software. ironically, i hope we’re never on the list!
v^2/r is fun haha
makes it clear that you can only sense acceleration, not velocity
the downward spiral …
good point
to carry 7 people
all great! ♥️ mel brooks
spaceballs
flux capacitor option package
soon
yes. to be clear, plaid powertrain is about a year away from production &amp; applies to s,x &amp; roadster, but not 3 or y. will cost more than our current offerings, but less than competitors.
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
a flock of bricks
next year
cuphead
of course
this could be good
but we probably won’t try for best lap time this week, as we need to review &amp; tune model s thoroughly for safety on nürburgring, especially flugplatz section
model s is already there
model s just set record for fastest 4 door ever at laguna seca, video tmrw
dmt ftw
getting ready for flight of orbit-class starship design
aargh!!
no, but that was an epic piece at a time when the word was being overrun by demented versions of an otherwise delightful jam container. it was like world war z, but mason jars …
i’d love to
for sure!
will be answered on 28th
exactly
looks good
the mechanical attachment mechanism. we need to make sure they won’t fall off due to vibration &amp; acoustics.
the hex tiles are actually mechanically attached, which is important to allow for very high temp on back side of tile that would destroy any adhesive. marshmellow-looking thing is a rope seal.
failure rate is actually both higher &amp; lower than that, as the falcon 9 design has changed almost completely several times. currently flying version has no failures (may fate continue to be merciful), but older versions therefore have a higher failure rate.
precisely
distance from fireball is 0.5*a*t^2, so if t is small, you haven’t moved far even if a is high. at ~6g thrust, you’ll only travel ~0.03m in 100 ms. pressure wave (aka explosion) with liquid rockets is low, as ox &amp; fuel are poorly mixed. if you can fly out of it, you’re prob ok.
you know destination weather before departure &amp; there’s no weather in space
everything happens so fast. it’s such a different paradigm that applying aircraft concepts to rockets is almost like applying shipping concepts to aircraft. travels 10,000 km in 30 mins.
not currently planning for pad abort with early starships, but maybe we should. vac engines would be dual bell &amp; fixed (no gimbal), which means we can stabilize nozzle against hull.
raptor turbines can spin up extremely fast. we take it easy on the test stand, but that’s not indicative of capability.
over time, 355 &amp; 385 are possible, but very difficult
most likely
photoshop is amazing
sea level raptor’s vacuum isp is ~350 sec, but ~380 sec with larger vacuum-optimized nozzle
for sure
actually true
and flights of angels sing thee to thy rest
deep lore
hoping to open in romania soon!
definitely
probability that we’re in base polytopia is highly unlikely - kwm
wow cool
why aren’t more people talking about this!?
sounds about right
it’s not
over time, it will be 100% sustainable
offer me money, offer me power …
also
without the removal fee, tesla solar is unequivocally a guaranteed, instant money printer, producing $300 to $1000 per year (in after tax income!)
for the remainder of september, tesla is permanently waiving the $1500 solar removal fee requirement. note, the ability to stop monthly payments at any time remains.
definitely for space force. we need to make starfleet real.
very exciting to see india’s rapid progress in space! there are always setbacks, of course, but i think india is doing great overall.
thanks for offering! sure, that would be great.
we might be in one right now
no, probably v10.1
merging code branches &amp; one more qa-level release this week. hopefully, eap wide release week after.
for sure on first crewed missions for exactly that reason
wanted to build an electric car company in college. was going to do phd at stanford in electric energy storage (ultracaps), but got distracted for a few years by the internet.
10 years ago …
november most likely
we’re almost there
tesla doing laps at nerdburgering
but taycan does seem like a good car. nürburgring track time is great.
sounds sweaty
a neuralink could increase this by several orders of magnitude
uh no
legs, but this render isn’t accurate
in some of those, i’m even funny
also, cars are called “automobiles”
um , this word turbo does not mean what you think it does
looking into it
yes, and it ♥️♥️♥️ irony
still too buggy to be in wide eap. requires more testing. hopefully, going to wide eap next week.
it’s up to 🇳🇴 &amp; 🇳🇱 as to whether they go with eu rules or rest of world. not our choice.
same, except where limited by eu regulations. we’re aware of extreme consumer unhappiness about this &amp; are working with eu regulators to address.
in close traffic, poisonous gas spewing from the car in front of you goes straight into your ac intake. good thing gas/diesel carmakers didn’t cheat on their emissions or we’d be in real trouble 😅
nice
gasoline is designed to burn
anywhere insurance prices are high
yeah, several. smart summon most significant.
both 🍀 and 😋 buttons in v10.0
definitely
try tesla insurance. should be ~20% less than avg. currently only in california, but expanding soon. critical feedback much appreciated.
opening on 9/9
slowpoke! didn’t even finish his hypothesis …
haha actually true
so good!
exactly
coming soon. version 10.1 at latest.
🇮🇸 iceland 🇮🇸 for sure!
very soon, sorry for the delay
aiming for 20km flight in oct &amp; orbit attempt shortly thereafter. starship update will be on sept 28th, anniversary of spacex reaching orbit. starship mk 1 will be fully assembled by that time.
probably 2 to 3 months. we’re about to ship raptor sn 10.
probably 18m for next gen system
would love to, but import duties are extremely high, even for electric vehicles
should be. will fix.
also, u can order online at in 2 mins, have car delivered to ur doorstep &amp; return for full refund
can’t believe it’s been 6 years since our first vertical landing!
core body diameter is 9m/30ft
r2d2’s dad
empty article?
one day starship will land on the rusty sands of mars
congrats spacex team!!
about to do next starhopper flight test
dragon crew arm. astronauts will walk this gantry to enter dragon &amp; depart for the .
dronship with wings folded traveling through panama canal
interesting
not that i know of
yes, rather embarrassing tbh
impressively accurate analysis!
hopefully next year
appears to be a wiring/connector issue
igniters need to be inspected. we will try again tomorrow same time.
raptor uses dual redundant torch igniters. better long-term, but more finicky in development.
about 5 mins from flight attempt
starhopper flight currently tracking to 5pm texas time for 150m / ~500ft hover test
finally, vr that’s cool *and* sexy!
oh behave u naughty planet … 😉
it’s quite robust
where are additional superchargers most needed?
world’s first very large scale battery has worked out well
yes, last flight for hopper. if all goes well, it will become a vertical test stand for raptor.
exactly! especially let your puc commissioners/authorities know.
agreed, that’s the right future
looks like starhopper flight may be as soon as monday. faa support is much appreciated!
we’re working closely with eu regulators &amp; hope to clarify the timeline soon
should be soon
if you’re a utility or public utilities commission, please consider using the tesla megapack. better for the environment &amp; usually lower cost than fossil fuel peaker plants!
yes, probably within next 6 to 9 months
tesla is working hard to help stop global warming
looks like a wheel of cheese
we need to complete internal qa testing for safety, which will hopefully be done in about 4 weeks
everyone who bought fsd will receive priority/early access
price increase for tesla fsd postponed until version 10 with smart summon is in wide release, which is about 4 to 8 weeks away, depending on how early access goes
not risky imo &amp; can be adjusted/improved real-time. essentially need to figure out most effective way to convert mass to energy, as mars is slightly too far from this solar system’s fusion reactor (the sun).
true, diverting a comet would be super hard. could be done with small asteroids &amp; a mass driver, but this is risky.
nuke mars refers to a continuous stream of very low fallout nuclear fusion explosions above the atmosphere to create artificial suns. much like our sun, this would not cause mars to become radioactive.
will probably make sense to do this when starship mk 1 has 3 raptors, moving body fins &amp; landing gear installed, which is hopefully mid september
will be converted to raptor vertical test stand
trickier than it may seem on mars, as atmospheric density is 1% that of earth &amp; gravity is 38%, but doable for localized warming
might make sense to have thousands of solar reflector satellites 🛰 to warm mars vs artificial suns (tbd)
af certification required an enormous amount of work. it’s mostly design-review based, not flight-based.
yeah, would be great to get feedback from tesla supporters
initially model 3, later y
looking forward to seeing giga shanghai soon 😀 amazing work by tesla china team &amp; support of authorities much appreciated!
not yet
this is a great idea
um i ate most of it
cookie decorating contest with kids
converts about 5 million tons of mass to energy every second
great name! wouldn’t worry about this particular one, but a big rock will hit earth eventually &amp; we currently have no defense.
don’t know yet, but it’s important that the whole world transition to sustainable energy, so we’ll make costs as low as possible
one click to order solar &amp; save ~$500/year in utility bills with no long-term contract (cancel anytime)
next year
with the new lower tesla pricing, it’s like having a money printer on your roof if you live a state with high electricity costs. still better to buy, but the rental option makes the economics obvious.
tesla solar just relaunched. lmk what you think …
which means a small corner of texas (or anywhere) with solar panels could power the entire united states
1 gigawatt per square kilometer of solar energy reaches earth’s surface
in a few years
yeah, legs are hydraulic pistons &amp; abdomen is the accumulator
generates a *lot* of energy
it is quite silly
meaning less than a century. but this would be pretty intense.
aspirationally, decades
the sun is an immense thermonuclear explosion fyi
yeah, the trick is opening &amp; closing the spacesuit helmet really fast
stop hashtagging me 🤣
perhaps that one was too edgy …
hashtags are an abomination
nuking mars one t-shirt at a time
simulations all the way down
trust me, it will be 🔥🔥
hey babe, fancy a hot date …? 😉
it’s not boring …
of course!
t-shirt soon
guess i sort of am already
i’d play that game
nuke mars!
this isn’t correct. will address.
good conversation with head of faa space. need a bit more hazard analysis &amp; should be clear to fly soon.
am talking to in a few hours
stacking fairing &amp; tanks soon, then adding control fins, engines &amp; landing gear
that was my actual password at one point!
stop posting my password on twitter!
coming
tesla audio engineers come from b&amp;o &amp; many other companies. they literally rōq. our system is highly programmable, so we keep improving it via ota codec updates.
we’ll take care of it
not yet
true
no but srsly don’t do it
roughly
possibly two weeks
try playing powerglide in your tesla at volume 11
working on upgrades to sentry …
no plans to introduce air suspension on model 3 at this time
watching a movie on tesla v10.0 is great, in large part due to the sound system
obviously needed
he would our first openly goth president. i think this is very important.
i support yang
when opportunity knocks …
passing fad. like steam engines. they look cool in a museum.
because our universe is actually a microverse in a miniverse. we probably just power someone’s brake lights.
will be needed for sure. bandwidth, no problem, latency is a challenge 🤣🤣
just spoke with faa, so hopefully yes
thanks. starship, which aspires to be fully &amp; immediately reusable in super heavy class, is a truly 🥜🚀. even though i’m immersed in starship/raptor design &amp; build 7 days/week, it still doesn’t feel real.
approx min payload to mars to nearest order of magnitude, so at $100k/ton, cost would be $100b
powerwall doesn’t need solar panels, but will work fine with both tesla &amp; non-tesla solar panels
between $100b and $10t
amazing work over many years by spacex engineering/production/launch teams to get (almost) there
for sure
might take a bit longer to get through regulatory approvals. likely september.
gas cars are so last-century!
priority / early access will be automatic for all owners with fsd
we’re accelerating opening up configurator/order page for more countries. sorry, lot on our plate!
probably every 2 to 4 months, depending on how much progress we make
video is amazing with the tesla sound system. will include caraoke!
fsd owners will get priority in the upload queue
thanks for reminding me. will rectify.
tons of fun!
tesla software v10 is lookin real good! releasing to early access list soon …
pot kettle 😀
don’t know enough about george’s company, but it sounds like he’s focused on a machine vision approach, which is the only general solution imo
yeah, george is a little nuts, but i like him &amp; he often has interesting things to say
no sooner than a week. working approvals with faa.
wouldn’t read too much into this. likely to be fewer f9/fh flights, but possibly an order of magnitude more than these numbers in starship flights.
thanks george!
we’re working with eu regulators to improve rules. spirit of rules is correct, but exact language doesn’t quite align with spirit. navigate on autopilot working well in rest of world.
but actual road data is what matters most
ultimately, however, what really matters is empirical safety. nothing in life is 100% safe, so optimal figure of merit is how many millions of miles/km per accident.
good question. nhtsa is great for fundamental structural safety, except for unbelted front passenger occupant factor. very rare these days for front passenger to be unbelted. ncap also great, but there are some weird headlight angle factors. super inside baseball stuff …
well said!
🎶 strangers in the night 🎶
rocket fairing falling from space (higher res)
and really knows cars!
rocket fairing falls from space &amp; is caught by ms tree boat
fairing caught, video posting soon
hoping to catch the fairing in a few mins
race to orbit by both teams, although a success by both in close proximity would be amazing &amp; each would count as a win
details coming at starship update
not in current plans, but that may change
vandenberg is great for polar orbits. will still play an important role long-term, but 80%+ will be eastward.
great progress by starship cape team. started several months behind, but catching up fast. this will be a super fun race to orbit, moon &amp; mars!
so much drama &amp; good times too! maybe worth a book one day, but would come at expense of 🚀 &amp; 🚘 &amp; 🧠.
headed to starship cape canaveral build site today
lyft/uber/taxi drivers are expert tesla advocates. thanks for your support!!
progress is accelerating
queen 🐝
workin on it. one of my boys maybe gonna make this here candy.
“am … 🐝 guity” 🧐
it’s all about branding
the best guide by far!
will dojo to be the difference
that is a great guide 👍
philosophically
his name is eric, of course
it’s about time i suppose
mad skillz
fred astaire &amp; ginger rogers👌
true
i ♥️ top hat
it finally almost doesn’t suck
🐝 all u can 🐝
oh my, what a dashingly handsome hat you have!
the lost art of entomological haberdashery &amp; millinery …
i dare say that 🐝 could use a nice 🎩
yes, detailed review of the first orbital starship, explaining the pros &amp; cons of each design decision
we are tiny
very convincing! ok, boca it is. we should have starship mk1 with 3 raptors almost ready to fly by then.
i would’ve been bankrupt too. unlikely investors would have funded a second attempt.
relief
ok, will discuss with team
sure
also, you can request any service from the tesla phone app in under a minute
august 24th, either at cape canaveral or boca chica
that was our last chance to reach orbit. if it had failed, spacex would have died.
will also be launching the boring company china on this trip
good idea
you’re most welcome!
fates loves irony
for other countries, we pay in part for the local factory by selling cars there ahead of time. also, gives a sense of demand. current rules in india prevent that, but recent changes in sales tax give hope for future changes.
not sure. will check with my team.
i’m told import duties are extremely high (up to 100%), even for electric cars. this would make our cars unaffordable.
orbital refilling is vital to humanity’s future in space. more likely spacecraft to spacecraft (as aircraft do aerial refueling), than a dedicated depot, at least at first.
fixing …
mailing dragon dock with space station is much harder than docking with our own ship for refilling. not a problem.
never thought we’d make it this far
spooling up production line rapidly. hoping to manufacture ~1000 solar roofs/week by end of this year.
tesla megapack now available for utility-scale energy storage
thanks jason! super proud to work with such great teams at spacex, tesla, neuralink and boring!!
falcon rocket reentry from space with double sonic booms
now that hopper has flown, starship update probably in two weeks or so.
falcon 9 piercing the sound barrier on reentry
thanks for letting me know
you can
vehicle alert seen show up automatically &amp; enable single touch request for service for that item either from the car screen or mobile app
system automatically selects between mobile service &amp; service center appointment. say prefer mobile in comments to bias. we will add a check box for mobile preferred.
tesla owners can schedule service appointments in under a minute just using their tesla phone app!
we’re working on it. agreed, minecraft is high priority. roblox too.
sure
depends on how release to owners with early access goes, but hopefully wide release by end of august
tesla service centers &amp; a lot more superchargers coming to poland later this year
will recognize &amp; read all signs for fsd. focused on traffic lights &amp; stop signs right now. most are very easy. difficulty is millions of corner cases.
hoping to get “joe mode” into v10. the default, of course, is normal volume, but selecting “joe mode” would lower the volume of strident beeps &amp; chimes by half.
if not immediately, will be followed shortly in a point release
some
not currently in v10, but will try
yes, v10 will include several games &amp; infotainment features, improved highway autopilot, better traffic light &amp; stop sign recognition &amp; smart summon
can’t you just play though phone bluetooth?
we’re close, but the magic is in the final details. maybe 2 to 3 months.
maybe august, not more than a few months
yeah, feels just like an old school drive in movie experience, but with much better sound
when full self-driving is approved by regulators, we will enable video while moving
ability to stream youtube &amp; netflix when car is stopped coming to your tesla soon! has an amazingly immersive, cinematic feel due to the comfy seats &amp; surround sound audio.
yes, really enjoyed it, although wish she’d made it up to sky city
unity port is done, so finessing the controls now. mostly limited by local storage. will allow additional game storage via usb. whatever’s most fun!
and those who weren’t expecting a ternary joke
will run v high res at 60 fps. cuphead doesn’t need 4k.
cuphead for tesla coming out in august
space fairies are real
encounter in 88
drone cam
thanks!
engine cam
200m hop in a week or two
starhopper flight successful. water towers *can* fly haha!!
btw, you can schedule service via the tesla app in less than a minute
good point. getting fixed …
probably 1/4 to 1/2 of that capacity would be for stationary storage
launch underway
dr. livingstone, i presume?
pc (chamber pressure) high due to colder than expected propellant
thin tiles on windward side of ship &amp; nothing on leeward or anywhere on booster looks like lightest option
testing a possible starship windward side ceramic tile. maximizing emissivity is best for conductive/particle heating. nice thing about steel is that tiles can be very thin, unlike carbon fiber or aluminum airframe.
wearing black not recommended
high reflectivity minimizes photonic heating, high emissivity minimizes particle heating. no need to radiate heat away if you aren’t hot in the first place. also, as metal heats up to yellow/red/white, it stops being reflective.
one space station image for each visit
me too
in a million years, the universe will go from being 13.772 to 13.773 billion years old. like tears in the rain …
exciting modes!
true 🤣🤣
time to face reality
we’re all just made of two quarks &amp; a lepton
center 7 engines gimbal to 15 degrees
outer engines stick out slightly from 9m diameter, don’t gimbal &amp; are mechanically joined at nozzle
to be clear: good for in-space transit, but not recommended for earth to orbit!
very unlikely
goodbye 😢
nuclear thermal rocket for fast transit around solar system would be a great area of research for
do ev owners use v to g a lot in australia?
probably have slots for up to 37 engines, but can decontent as needed. starship update after hopper hover.
i am become meme
dance dance 🐏
next year’s competition will be in a 10km vacuum tunnel with a curve
woohoo 🥳
orbital refilling is critical for high payload to moon or mars. initially just starship to starship, later dedicated tankers.
new top speed of 463 km/h!!
just saw that on a t-shirt competition 🤣🤣
technically, alcohol is a solution
full stack is 41 rn, but kinda beggin for just one more …
way too long
starship super heavy with 35 raptors
i have the t-shirt
won’t change. starship launch structure will be attached to the other side from tower.
starship launch structure is being built off-site in steel subsections
2 to 3 months after that
it *is* vision
i suspect many besides spacex will livestream these flights. won’t be subtle.
texas and florida starship prototypes (not hopper) fly in 2 to 3 months
made with rain ™️
coming soon
tesla service centers &amp; superchargers are being opened as fast as possible across eastern europe
this is actually a good thing btw. china is making amazing progress in space, rapidly iterating on rocket &amp; space station technology. great respect.
no matter how one considers the data, there is a giant improvement from non-autopilot to autopilot
exactly. trendline that includes autopilot always-on accident avoidance features matches curve of autopilot software/hardware releases, as you’d expect.
maybe end of next year
addressing epilepsy is likely one of the more near-term applications
post test fuel leak, but no major damage
aiming for hover test next week
yeah, big advantage of being made of high strength stainless steel: not bothered by a little heat!
this non-autopilot graph is not correct, as it includes autopilot always-on accident avoidance features
good piece
i mostly drive model s performance with dev version of fsd computer. our new raven powertain &amp; adaptive damping suspension is great! next is model 3p &amp; then x if driving with my kids. acceleration is fun on tap!
exactly. there is no “msrp”, only “p”.
with anything online
🤣🤣 yes, security is extremely important
sure
thoughtful analysis. we will endeavor to provide the robots, chips &amp; software to academia.
neuralink surprise twist!
is there a longer edit i can post?
i think so
something like this is the best way to do it. incent outcome, not path.
about to go live
not easy getting a lightsaber into backpack
approximately 6.9km/s
♥️👽 spacex has area 59 👽♥️
“if you dislike change, you're going to dislike irrelevance even more.” — gen shinseki
as mentioned earlier this year, cost of the tesla fsd option will increase every few months. those who buy it earlier will see the benefit.
probably
agreed. that’s approximately date when we expect enhanced summon to be in wide release. it will be magical. lot of hard work by autopilot team.
cost of tesla full self-driving option increasing by ~$1000 on august 16
straw man fallacy. to appreciate, your car just needs to be worth more than you paid for it, so probably ~$75k is enough if you bought a 3. fsd will be bundled in all cars (important point). something is not a commodity if you can’t make enough of them &amp; we won’t be able to.
no, since tesla will charge a % fee for being in our robotaxi fleet, but it will rise to whatever the clearing price is, otherwise all our cars will be bought by scalpers
if we make all cars with fsd package self-driving, as planned, any such tesla should be worth $100k to $200k, as utility increases from ~12 hours/week to ~60 hours/week
basic white adds too much to service repair complexity. team convinced me better to go with pearl white.
presentation streaming live from at 8pm pacific
streaming. check neuralink website later today. starts around 8pm.
won’t be today, hopefully tomorrow
sure, will do
this guy is not a cofounder of neuralink. was at company briefly, but he didn’t work out.
we are tiny, simple creatures
um … yes
graham’s number
to infinity and beyond!
spacex thruster package will be subtle. hidden behind license plate.
haha yes
yes, but owner will have to accept tiny risk of damage. those are very hard even for careful human drivers.
yeah, that’s next after summon
will trace back inertial measurements &amp; wheel movements to exit multilevel garage, unless car was teleported into position, in which case all bets are off
initially, single plane, but hopefully multi-story later this year
probably 5mph or 8 km/h
good progress on fast activation of summon down to ~1 second
parking lots are a remarkably hard problem. doing an in-depth engineering review of enhanced summon later today.
agreed, it’s a small, but important, feature
also, i stole the idea from spaceballs
take note
about right, but dangerously chuggy &amp; risking bad things at 40%. we’ll keep it above 50% for this flight.
more like 30 to 40 mt to gto ~27 deg. plane change is 2*v*sin θ/2, as i recall, but doesn’t matter, as there’s no geo 🛰 anywhere near that mass.
100mt to 125mt for true useful load to useful orbit (eg starlink mission), including propellant reserves. 150mt for reference payload compared to other rockets. this is in fully reusable config. about double in fully expendable config, which is hopefully never.
cont of main
we changed the design quite a bit. more about this in late july.
~20m up &amp; sideways for first flight. mk1 starship hopefully 20km up in a few months.
sure
great team
motor trend awards tesla model s best car of the year ever in their 70 year history!!
it’s not a flamethrower, mr escobar
sure
exactly
the is moving at ~25 times the speed of sound &amp; orbits the earth every 90 minutes
absolutely agree, you should be allowed to move your tesla anywhere in the world, unless it’s prevented by government rules. thanks for letting me know.
feeling extra 🍀 button
done. i’m feeling 🍀 &amp; i’m feeling 😋 navigation buttons coming with next software release.
whoop whoop!!
i think so. will check.
would be cool if car took you to a random fun place traveled to by other tesla owners in the area
sigh
the answer is always aliens
i have over the years
no, i’m not 😜
that was a real sign
i actually asked ashlee vance not to write the book several times. inevitably, some things are wrong and then those errors are repeated for years.
exactly
this shampoo sounds amazing
no problem
the cape is one of the two starship build sites. more on this later.
may the light of consciousness shine bright
overall successful. aborted at t+51 sec on high mixture ratio, but we were intentionally probing the corners of the box of operating conditions, so not surprising.
exactly
sure 🤖 🚘 😀
to be clear, consumers will still be able to buy a tesla, but the clearing price will rise significantly, as a fully autonomous car that can function as a robotaxi is several times more valuable than a non-autonomous car
between first development engine &amp; first flight engine with operational payload, there are always hundreds of changes to both hardware &amp; software. over time, thousands.
upgrading to 250kw soon
intersections with complex traffic lights &amp; shopping mall parking lots are the two biggest software challenges. developer branch already mostly works in these scenarios, but massive effort required to get to 99.9999% safety.
local supporters will be invited!
end of q4, most likely
production fully switched over ~3 months ago. functionality won’t diverge until q4, as it’s limited by software validation. will be later for europe compared to rest of world due to regulatory constraints that were put in place years ago by big ice companies.
this is why it’s possible for tesla to have a million robotaxis by end of 2020 if we upgrade existing hw2 fleet of ~500k &amp; make at least ~500k fsd cars
all hw2+ cars are upgradable to full self-driving capability with tesla fsd computer &amp; all production in past few months has fsd computer
starship mk 1 &amp; hopper
agreed
listening to revolutions by duncan found this on a throw pillow …
will do starship presentation a few weeks after hopper hovers, so prob late july. if that timing works, free lj chips for all present!
my d&amp;d char was ng
sounds like fun
occupy mars
cat is out of the bag 🧙‍♂️
exciting progress in boca! hopper almost ready to hover. based on tonight’s test, looks like 600 hz raptor vibration problem is fixed.
sharknado is real
when sheets come loose all dignity is lost
model x as it should be shown
what ants must feel like
yeah
landing on ms. tree
rocket fairing returning from space
active safety will continue to improve via over-the-air software updates. since all tesla cars are connected, we analyze each accident &amp; do our best to minimize probability of recurrence.
we must safeguard the future of life by transitioning to sustainable energy on earth &amp; becoming multiplanetary via mars. it’s not clear how much time we have to do these things, but sooner is definitely better.
best crash safety system is not crashing in the first place. makes a world of difference for pedestrians &amp; cyclists especially.
should be fixed soon
reason for top rating is that active steering &amp; braking safety features of tesla autopilot are turned on no cost for all cars
congratulations tesla team &amp; thanks to all the new tesla owners!! ♥️♥️
sure
good one 🤣🤣
meme of recursive irony
playing a little polytopia. gonna try solaris w my boys.
death note
yeah, exactly 😀
yep, order online at in 2 mins &amp; car delivered direct to home
is this true ?
fwiw, based on calcs i did 10 years ago, cross-over point for li-ion beating kerosene is ~400 wh/kg. high cycle batteries are just over 300 wh/kg today, but probably exceed 400 in ~5 years.
jet a (kerosene) has much higher energy density than li-ion, but electric motors weigh much less &amp; convert stored energy to motion better than combustion engines
yes, but still a bit too limited on range. that will change in coming years as battery energy density improves.
huge thanks to all tesla supporters around the world helping the cause. we ♥️♥️♥️ you!!
tweak music &amp; car karaoke
fun, little music tool coming later
sure. want to add easy import/export of images from your phone.
thanks for the happy birthday wishes! ♥️♥️
one day, there will be a little racing game in the racing game in the car
merkindise coming soon!
they have the best merkins
i’m such a bad public speaker! damn.
these do seem like wise words
if only we’d listened …
but, if you’re going to buy a merkin, be sure to haggle properly!
if you don’t already know what a merkin is, don’t google it. you have been warned.
typing merlin literally just autocorrected me to merkin 🤣🤣
we poured our heart &amp; soul into it. lot of hubris too, but no regrets. fabergé egg of cars.
hardly anyone noticed, but still
we worked so hard to create that exact view. seat rails flush with floor on a rear-slanted monopost.
2.1 sec 0-60 mph is base model before adding rocket thruster option
that’s actually kinda true
almost anything. length/diameter is much lower &amp; starship doesn’t have a hammerhead fairing that acts like main sail.
you’re touching on a good critique of falcon 9. our 1st stage to 2nd stage propellant ratio is too high. we’re fixing that with starship.
that would be unwise. probably needs a restraint mechanism like disney’s space mountain roller coaster. would feel similar to space mountain in a lot of ways, but you’d exit on another continent.
~1000, as all seats would be “coach” &amp; no toilets, pilot area or food galley needed. most flights would only be 15 to 20 mins. it’s basically an icbm traveling at mach 25 that lands.
about 100, assuming people want cabins. pressurized volume is similar to a380. could take a lot more on shorter trips.
frangible would def hurt reusability. also, presumably those quarter sections are actuated or aero control will be impossible.
good to see this. splitting interstage into 4 sections will have some challenges, but could work.
probably sooner
sure, that would be an honor
most likely. it is programmed to do so.
high entry force &amp; heat breached engine bay &amp; center engine tvc failed
ok, thanks
working on tesla global logistics
i know … sigh. those are truly a work of art.
yes, but we couldn’t take a chance on 2nd stage failing it’s 4th maneuver. this mission was more complex than anything i’m aware of in history of rockets. rip center core, you did your duty well.
ms. tree caught the falcon fairing!!
high payload/delta-v missions will always be far downrange. value of boost stage is measured (essentially) by *horizontal* velocity imparted to upper stage. altitude is almost unimportant.
center core rud. it was a long shot.
he was the real deal
one of our main conference rooms at spacex is named after goddard
no, it’s along the way
colonizing mars one mug at a time!
waiting for falcon heavy to launch means high cortisol levels. this is our toughest rocket launch ever.
yeah
heat will breathe life into mars
yes! i love botanical gardens. this is my favorite:
absolutely
yeah, that sounds ideal! i love the ksc rocket garden. spent many days there looking at rocket design details.
uh oh
on mars, i like to drink my coffee in this mug
chomsky is the iago of socio-economic theory &amp; piketty is his docile puppet
starship will do orbital launches from boca chica (near brownsville) &amp; cape
at cape for launch, so watched on hotel screen, but still so beautiful …
just watched it from your link ♥️♥️
yeah
yes, the droids can now hold down the center core
odds of center core surviving are about 50% imo, as it’s coming in about 4 times faster than a rifle bullet
falcon heavy on lc-39a
all raptors have slight throttle range by adjusting flow to ox &amp; fuel turbines, but deep throttling imposes limitations on injector stiffness &amp; needs extra hardware. swear these are legit technical terms 🤗
it’s a factor. main reason is that ffsc is the ultimate architecture for converting propellant into rocket velocity.
yes, they run at *much* higher pressure, but lower temperature. thermal shock &amp; strain are what fatigue merlin turbine blades. solvable for high reusability, but better to apply that engineering to raptor.
same as last time, although we made a design improvement that could yield about 7 bar more
merlin could probably do 1000 flights too. turbine blade fatigue cracking would require periodic weld repair or replacement. probably some seals &amp; bearings as well. coking not really an issue.
so cool
anything with high contrast
excessive shades of grey
yeah, we’ve been working on curbs a *lot*. concrete seams too. so glamorous.
third revision of enhanced summon hopefully going to tesla owners with early access later this week
haha
depends on destination
planning on a simplifying mod to raptor for max thrust, but no throttling, to get to 250 mt level
since raptor produces 200 tons of force, cost per ton would be $1000. however, raptor is designed for ~1000 flights with negligible maintenance, so cost per ton over time would actually be ~$1.
chomsky sucks
yet another monty python reference, possibly my favorite
anarcho-syndicalism ftw!!
more than that now, but &lt;10% of that in volume, although much to be proven
full year production is usually ~70% of peak daily rate, so 500/year. still, non-trivial at 100,000 tons of thrust/year.
raptor liberated its oxygen turbine stator (appears to be mechanical, not metal combustion failure), so we need to update the design &amp; replace some parts. production is ramping exponentially, though. sn6 almost done. aiming for an engine every 12 hours by end of year.
for sure moon 1st, as it’s only 3 days away &amp; u don’t need interplanetary orbital synchronization
moon too
earth
after starship returns from orbit
mars belongs to the martians
a lot.
accelerating starship development to build the martian technocracy
maybe a musket with candy ammo?
swear it works great in hell or yer 💰 back
haha
a few other small things change, but pretty close
tesla is putting significant resources into high-efficiency battery recycling. makes both environmental &amp; economic sense. please consider joining if interested in recycling engineering!
no, we’re already recycling them
yes, demographics, stratified by age, will look like an upside down pyramid with many old people &amp; fewer young
real issue will an aging &amp; declining world population by 2050, *not* overpopulation. randers estimate far more accurate than un imo:
we are the von neumann machines
yezz
stonk tip of the day
kids playing beach buggy in tesla store
exactly. and many areas of countries showing good internet actually have poor or no access, so those are important to address too.
one of my favorite original roadster colors!
how about baby pink?
reminder that us federal tax drops by $1875 for any tesla delivered after june 30. order online at
a simple white (not pearl multi-coat)
starting next month, tesla will charge $1000 for color black (same price as silver)
will consider
this will be our most difficult launch ever
but on the inside …
original star wars
actually, i stole it from my secret meme dealer
missed you too ♥️
touched by an 😇
not sure yet
my chariot license is made of papyrus!
that’s the tesla part
overall master plan should be explained. i think it still makes sense if we don’t consider ai 2b other.
i’ve been tweeting strange shit since ramses ii. he was a great pharaoh!
might get pushed to next month. starhopper flight first. waiting on engine repair.
10 years ago, spacex server room was named skynet as a joke. fate 🖤 irony.
thanks 😀
model 3 arriving in uk
good question. will consider thoughtful response.
by far
good analysis. both computers will be used &amp; sync ~20 times per second. this is a long time to a computer. like a twin-engine plane, use both engines to max for normal operation, but can safely operate on just one.
falcon rising
bg2 was so good
no need, top gear already did
the ass blade of vengeance!
weird that this actually happened. music makes a big difference.
unlike bees, who are experts in millinery
truth is a metaphorical concept with no footwear or clothing of anything kind. also, baby don’t hurt me haha
yes, excessively configurable seats almost always make things worse, rather than better. too complex &amp; unwieldy.
cool, that’s the way it should be!
can’t fool me it was 1669
sounds about right
don’t make me challenge you to a rap battle!!
fair point
yeah, dual motor awd is super fun!
rwd with all-weather tires works great. tesla traction control is an order of magnitude more precise than gas/diesel. really helps to have newton &amp; maxwell on your side.
thanks bob! he is a tough critic.
“not only was the paint without any discernible flaw, but the various panels formed a body of precision that was beyond reproach”
also $2500 tax credit for california &amp; $500 to $800 utility incentive
us tax credit of $3750 drops in half for tesla on july 1. order online in a few mins at return in 7 days for full refund.
tesla solar toof tile v3.0 starting early trials
exactly
(muffled titter)
haha
would be good to look up electricity rates by location &amp; optimize cost automatically
yeah, they were a little off the mark
applies to a small number of bay area residents, but worth checking out
🧲 is relativistic side effect of ⚡️
strong incentive to make up &amp; promote negative news
true, cost of operating a tesla is much lower than other cars
landing in the fog
fear (and memes) get clicks
storm watch was active for hundreds of powerwall customers this weekend as a result of red flag fire warnings in california, and we will continue to activate it whenever there advance awareness of a potential power outage or physical danger
absolutely agree. major expansion of service centers underway.
super fair criticism. we’re putting max resources on this. hard to hire enough repair technicians in norway! please apply if interested.
💖🇳🇴 norway 🇳🇴💖
good point. maybe we could collect rainwater, add a little antifreeze in cold climates &amp; make it last for years.
annual tire rotation is actually optional. only worthwhile if you see significant differential wear on inside vs outside of tire.
upcoming falcon heavy 🚀 &amp; 🛰 details
china ev subsidies mostly end this month &amp; fully end in about 7 months
no problem if you want to post the suggestions on this timeline. it’s great to get thoughtful criticism.
155mph is common on the autobahn. even with only 5 offramp tunnels, exit speed drops to 31mph.
tesla superchargers &amp; service centers coming to kazakhstan this year
yes, as you point out, it will clear up a lot of the misunderstandings
avg speed of ny subway is actually 17mph. tbc loop can run at 155mph with 16 pax autopods passing every second, routing automatically between tunnels to their destination. that’s 57,600/hour/lane &amp; you can build dozens of lanes. will crush any subway in throughput &amp; convenience.
only cars made in china are eligible for these subsidies. tesla has never had access to them.
exactly
we’re trying to simplify product complexity, so only offering white (technically black &amp; white) interior in high volume markets
science 😀👍
read it on
this is my pet bee, eric
working on starship
scientists say it’s a crucial step towards catgirls
new tesla summon will 🧨 ur 🧠
releasing to early access program tesla owners next week
found an old copy of
also hepa filter is expensive, so would force increase in price
same
not enough room unless we completely delete front trunk. model s &amp; x primary hepa filter alone is literally 1000% bigger than normal car air filter.
s/x hepa filter is one of my favorite features
feedback received. restoring white interior.
thoughtful model
based on our data, autopilot miles appear to be twice as safe as manually driven miles, and we expect this to improve further
tesla is affecting powerful vested interests. big auto &amp; oil companies aren’t known for their gentle behavior. spacex is battling us military prime contractors &amp; space programs of national govts. no walk in the park there.
yeah, *way* better. dramatically improves cost, complexity &amp; ease of operations. distances of ~10,000 km with decent payload seem achievable at roughly mach 20.
add 2 to 4 more raptors for starship point to point on earth. you can go surprisingly far, even with low lift/drag. this was an unexpected result.
wings/flaps &amp; leg design changing again (sigh). doesn’t affect schedule much though.
not bad
exactly. we’re on the wrong planet for ssto. no problem on mars or any of the moons.
yeah, the fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt propaganda campaign being pushed by those betting against tesla has reached new heights
i paid most of my tesla-related expenses too. tesla last year was actually net negative comp for me.
one day’s grace, taking into account time zone confusion. will revert tomorrow.
edgy move
good idea
true. i’m a gamer &amp; my boys are too. starlink is designed to be great even for competitive twitch reflex games.
would love to do exactly that
agreed, sent a note to starlink team last week specifically regarding albedo reduction. we’ll get a better sense of value of this when satellites have raised orbits &amp; arrays are tracking to sun.
exactly, potentially helping billions of economically disadvantaged people is the greater good. that said, we’ll make sure starlink has no material effect on discoveries in astronomy. we care a great deal about science.
rotate on one axis. magnetic torque rods for desaturation of momentum wheels.
yes, already planned. we avoid use of certain lower ku frequencies specifically for radio astronomy.
aiming for sub 20ms latency initially, sub 10ms over time, with much greater consistency than terrestrial links, as only ever a few hops to major data centers
if we need to tweak sat orientation to minimize solar reflection during critical astronomical experiments, that’s easily done. most orbital objects are close to earth btw, as shown by this nasa density map.
there are already 4900 satellites in orbit, which people notice ~0% of the time. starlink won’t be seen by anyone unless looking very carefully &amp; will have ~0% impact on advancements in astronomy. we need to move telelscopes to orbit anyway. atmospheric attenuation is terrible.
no, raptor uses a large number of coaxial swirl injectors, which (we believe) achieves highest theoretical mixing/combustion efficiency.
fair
super proud of spacex propulsion/test/materials team! one of hardest technology problems. new high temp superalloy &amp; internal foundry needed to make it work. foundry iteration interval is ~3 weeks from design to flight part vs ~36 weeks typical for aerospace.
only a tiny amount. there is enough air to affect the satellites &amp; allow some amount of yaw steering.
propellant stays same, but almost everything else improves. fundamental goal is minimize cost per ton to surface of mars.
great video. couple notes: raptor designed for subcooled ch4/o2, so propellant density &amp; thrust increase up to ~8%, as needed for mission. 380 isp &amp; up to 50% thrust/weight improvement over time. merlin thrust/weight doubled from v1, but raptor is closer to optimum.
whoa cool 😀
beautiful solar sail
iss is extremely gigantic &amp; has lights
precisely, sats will be in darkness when stars are visible
exactly
bold move
great ad
this is complete nonsense
coming soon
it will per vehicle
old joke about agnostic technologists building artificial super intelligence to find out if there’s a god. they finally finish &amp; ask the question. ai replies: “there is now, mfs!!”
makes me sad
combined with excess government spending, which forces other countries to absorb a significant part of our inflation
serious issue. us policy has been too heavy-handed, making countries want to ditch the dollar.
making progress!
6 years ago
this deserves close scrutiny 🧐
ai optimizing for the greatest understanding of the universe might be the right objective. eliminating or stunting human civilization would reduce understanding.
yeah
given that there are ~500 million tweets per day, making individual human review impossible, this is the most salient point. one possible mitigation is a shorter suspension of 6 hours instead of 12.
leading agi developers will not heed this warning, but at least it was said
tesla car temp is automatically kept within a safe range, even when the car appears “off”, in order to protect infants &amp; pets. that said, it would be more convenient to keep the car “on” for entertainment &amp; comfort if the camera detects occupants. we will make that change.
i thought both spacex and tesla each had less then a 10% chance of success
sick burn lol
forgot to mention that accounts you follow directly will also be in for you, since you have explicitly asked for them
i eat a donut every morning. still alive.
great interview with cbc &amp; geoff! we live for only ~3b seconds, which is just a tiny flash in the pan by cosmological standards.
troubling thread
i hear you, but we’re not getting to mars if civilization falls apart before then!
where is elvis these days?
nature is healing
vision
perhaps better than a y in turning
notes ftw again
an aging population is part of it
impressive
the media is a click-machine, not a truth-machine. incentives …
of course, you need to have good customer service for money. working on it …
only $7 via web!
the most ironic outcome is the most likely
i’m old enough to remember
trying my best for the humans
major respect for cavill
just keep moving that goalpost!
wild times ahead for sure!
that said, it’s ok to have verified bot accounts if they follow terms of service &amp; don’t impersonate a human
walter chrysler had great style
accurate
countries should make their own decisions!
that jacket is 🔥🔥
my prediction is that this will be the only platform you can trust
karma is real
that’s very odd
not having a massive short position against tesla would be a step in the right direction!
phew, i can finally sleep at night
starting april 15th, only verified accounts will be eligible to be in for you recommendations. the is the only realistic way to address advanced ai bot swarms taking over. it is otherwise a hopeless losing battle. voting in polls will require verification for same reason.
these are wild times for sure!
this one seems problematic
uh oh
cybertruck will change the look of the roads. finally feels like the future.
this is pure joy 🤩
yeah
the good old days
no, descriptions should be accurate. if only a small segment of the right or left is pushing something, then it wouldn’t be correct to paint all of the left or right with that viewpoint.
authenticator app is the way to go
great video!
not so much in the banking sector rn
very important
that was wild
us foreign policy now dropping below bronze tier
is it accurate to refer to those making the proposal as “extreme maga” ?
i remember the early meetings with gates. his understanding of ai was limited. still is.
true
great jacket tbh
to get blue check verified for $7/month, sign up via web at
it will be glorious 🚀 💫 💗
to get blue verified for $7/month, sign up via web browser at
name sure comes up a lot …
that we extend consciousness to the stars and understand the universe
twitter is the news
that’s what people who have the woke mind virus look like to me
reminds me of the marker from dead space
seriously
the lancet sold their soul years ago
shame on ncaa!
still a few legacy nns using single cam, single frame that need to move to surround video
or he could have just invested in tesla at $200m market cap when he had the opportunity to do so
given that modern ai can solve any “prove you’re not a robot” tests, it’s now trivial to spin up 100k human-like bots for less than a penny per account. paid verification increases bot cost by ~10,000% &amp; makes it much easier to identify bots by phone &amp; cc clustering. obvious
exactly
it’s more about treating everyone equally. there shouldn’t be a different standard for celebrities imo.
this is by far the most serious looming issue. mortgages too.
it’s close. one more round of refinement needed.
thank you for correcting yourself
the most interesting times of all
good for him. he makes movies fun to watch.
exactly
notes ftw
well-said
blooper reel must be amazing
openai has strayed very far from the path of virtue
the media is a click-seeking machine dressed as truth-seeking
vanity fair has lost its way ever since graydon left
true
it’s a start
also … i would never wear that outfit
accurate
us foreign policy is bronze tier on a good day!
for now
absolutely
big congratulations to the tesla germany team!!
try using a list
yeah, generally correct. titter was trending to lose ~$3b/year (revenue drop of ~$1.5b + debt servicing of ~$1.5b) and had $1b in cash, so only 4 months of money. extremely dire situation. now that advertisers are returning, it looks like we will break even in q2.
i never take notes
indeed
looking forward to it
competition has nothing to do with it. there are serious ai risk issues.
interesting take
accurate
those are the right questions to ask. they have been troubling me for many years. neuralink was created as a possible long-term solution to human+ai symbiosis.
20 launches done, 70+ for rest of year
no but how’s your day
it is
i’m sure it will be fine
her music is great
to get blue verified for $7/month, sign up via web browser at
any individual person’s twitter account affiliated with a verified organization is automatically verified
not true
clippy is the real paperclip problem
the press is yesterday’s news – too slow for the modern era
he’s not wrong
i donated the first $100m to openai when it was a non-profit, but have no ownership or control
this is the real problem. many cities have high office vacancy rates. mortgage portfolios are at risk too if housing prices drop significantly.
chatgpt is entirely housed within microsoft azure. when push comes to shove, they have everything, including the model weights.
good question. it somehow transitioned from an open source non-profit to a closed source for-profit.
as part of their investment, microsoft gained exclusive access to the entire openai codebase
sure would be ironic if civilization ended because of a fight over browser/search market share
extremely concerning
they are great
yeah, not possible to make motorcycles safe
this will be glorious 🤩
that will require a large island!
🎶 always look on the bright side of life! 🎶
twitter verified now available worldwide!
not many years from now
that’s what she said
umm … the banks are melting
countries should not cede authority to who
ok, but it will cost 3 doge
some things are priceless
even though this clip is from 2005, it is still a super messed up thing to say
couldn’t do worse!
jpow has volker envy bigtime
lot of new technology in starlink v2, so we’re experiencing some issues, as expected. some sats will be deorbited, others will be tested thoroughly before raising altitude above space station.
a major driver of depositor flight is people moving money from low interest savings accounts to high interest money market (treasury bill) accounts. this foolish rate hike will worsen depositor flight.
it missed the mark. i hate hashtags.
interesting thread
and if you have enough rooftop solar, you can go off grid for most of year in high latitudes &amp; whole year in low latitudes
tesla powerwall enables your home to operate normally during a power outage
very concerning
this is a critical distinction. it’s obviously trivial for a single person to create 10k bot accounts on one computer, each of which is tweeting slurs that are written to avoid text string detection. what matters is whether those tweets are actually shown to real users.
nice doors
looking into it
follow to read highly rated
absolutely required to stop bank runs
fed needs to drop the rate by at least 50bps on wednesday
insane that it remains zero after all this time
and making it much easier for writers to charge subscription fees for premium content
increasing long form to 10k characters soon, along with simple formatting tools
def me
japanese advertising is great
money will probably be of low relevance when strong ai is widespread
wisdom of the people ftw
hard to explain the veto if a dem senate voted for the bill
inevitable. us diplomacy skill is bronze tier.
there appears to be zero self-awareness among legacy media that they behave like an npc drone collective 🤣🤣
provided there is no serious launch anomaly, spacex will deliver 80% of earth’s payload to orbit this year. not counting starship.
this will be great
he is greatly missed
will add it to the list
i walked the production line at tesla giga texas today
had an awesome yorkie for 15 years who i named hobbes, because he was nasty, brutish &amp; short. i’d tell people “watch out for the dog!”, then they’d see him &amp; laugh, then he would bite them on the ankle.
i’m sure this didn’t affect their coverage of him at all
$100b line … wow
cappuccino/latte art is delightful
a latte is really just an excuse for adults to order warm milk without sounding like a baby
pfizer really spent that much on ads?
even the mighty can fall if leadership makes bad decisions. hard to believe these days that apple was months from bankruptcy before jobs returned.
even my coffee!?
press.com now auto responds with 💩
aliens never sleep 🛸
incandescent bulbs are fine and will not destroy the environment. mandate heat pumps instead of basic ac for heating/cooling. that will actually matter.
the forever war
that’s the goal!
maximum truth-seeking is my best guess for ai safety
we’re close to using nns all the way from image-space to vector-space to control
en tro py … en tro py … no escaping that for me
agreed
this platform is growing fast! just exceeded 8 billion user-minutes per day … of the most influential, smartest people on earth 😉
cause he was being a big baby
now ask it “why did the pervert cross the road?”
banks is the best sci-fi writer
good idea
soros figured out a clever arbitrage opportunity: the many small political contests, such as das &amp; judges, have much higher impact per dollar spent than the big races, so it is far easier to sway the outcome.
i certainly agree that everyone should pay taxes and not engage in elaborate tax-avoidance schemes. would be curious to hear how these other “billionaires” are so good at avoiding taxes! we should get rid of grats, but maybe other things too.
true
any true human can get verified. it’s only $7/month if bought annually via web (without app store 30% premium). yes, non-advertising revenue sources are important, so that this platform is not overly reliant on the whims of corporate america, but having a large number of
this is a serious risk
in the coming weeks, twitter will prioritize replies by: 1. people you follow 2. verified accounts 3. unverified accounts verified accounts are 1000x harder to game by bot &amp; troll armies. there is great wisdom to the old saying: “you get what you pay for.”
i paid 53% taxes on my tesla stock options (40% federal &amp; 13% state), so i must be lifting the average! i also paid more income tax than anyone ever in the history of earth for 2021 and will do that again in 2022. , is the 3% number cited above accurate?
concerning
lame
true
your doomsday scenarios are being read by the ai
interesting
bring it
retirement age in france is too low. that’s a legit issue.
very important thread
if this happens, trump will be re-elected in a landslide victory
france seems to love having a good strike/riot from time to time
engineering is true magic
haha
fdic needs to change to unlimited coverage to stop bank runs and treasury needs to stop issuing ridiculously high yield bills, such that it makes no sense to have money in a low interest rate bank “savings” account. right now.
“once again, we are confidently wrong” – the fed
yeah!!
so many times lol sweet dreams 🛌
i keep agreeing with this guy!
this goes hard
sfo seems good
true of many us airports (sigh)
some bots are good, but yes
wow, not like lax
me too
the fed is operating with way too much latency in their data. rates need to drop immediately.
good point
happy st patrick’s day! 🍀
literally
nice
turn the other cheek
are the police in sf actually allowed to reduce crime?
so maybe having police &amp; arresting criminals wasn’t such a bad idea after all
yeah, it’s bizarre!
of course i still love you
at the risk of sounding insane, there is the option of drinking normal water
in the months ahead, we will use ai to detect &amp; highlight manipulation of public opinion on this platform. let’s see what the psy ops cat drags in …
exactly
true
unless i’m missing something, this appears to support the argument that there is political bias in the justice system. that is not to presume a guilty verdict or prison, but not bringing this to court at all is hard to explain.
slightly surprised by this result
i was repeatedly told that we were just following the law in brazil. is this not the case?
congrats to team for launching 2 rockets within 4 hours!
peace was never an option
happy birthday! 🎂
you rang? 😈
haha i know quite a few of them
her limbic resonance skill is exceptional
bag holders literally
take that, chatgpt!
to meme the impossible meme 🎶 to fight the unbeatable foe 🧌 to bear with unbearable sorrow 😭 to run where the brave dare not go💨 to right, the un-rightable rong 😑 to ♥️ pure and chaste from afar to try when your arms are too weary 😮‍💨 to reach the unreachable ⭐️ this is
shame on them
heat death of the universe
our “algorithm” is overly complex &amp; not fully understood internally. people will discover many silly things , but we’ll patch issues as soon as they’re found! we’re developing a simplified approach to serve more compelling tweets, but it’s still a work in progress. that’ll also
twitter will open source all code used to recommend tweets on march 31st
try it … you’ll like it … 💫 🛰️
and the tutorials are way too long!
it will be made open source, but we’re finding so many bugs that those should be fixed first
go to your followers tab if you only want to see their posts or make a list for specific accounts. the recommendation code is being cleaned up, so expect some oddness during this process. debugging how ~200m posts are distilled down to ~200 is tricky.
the inefficiency of the set of heterogeneous resource allocation databases we call money is astounding
spacex will be ready to launch starship in a few weeks, then launch timing depends on faa license approval. assuming that takes a few weeks, first launch attempt will be near end of third week of april, aka …
especially “social” media!
the force is strong with inverse cramer
true
twitter can unfortunately send one down a negativity rathole at times. good to take breaks.
coming
not when they’re fed propaganda by adults. moreover, every child goes through an identity crisis before their personality/identity crystallizes. therefore, we shouldn’t allow severe, irreversible surgery or sterilizing drugs that they may regret until at least age 18.
some truth to this
wait, are you parody or not parody? i can’t tell.
describes a significant portion of this platform
it’s exciting to see more &amp; more public figures engaging in active dialogue on this platform! sure, people will say foolish things from time to time (myself especially), but that’s way better than silence or sanitized “press releases” that’re basically just boring propaganda.
best way to fight misinformation is to respond with accurate information, not censorship
if other party is always wrong and your party is always right you are at least partly wrong
while of course stressful at the time, your response video was epic 🤣
your opinion of the us govt is (not unreasonably) negatively affected by a comically over-the-top swatting op
*not terrible
style
larger vocabulary means better data compression – fewer words needed to express concepts – so higher data rate
you’re terrible &amp; i love you
it’s kinda flattering to be insulted on this site tbh
looking fake is how you know it’s real these days
you can ring my bell, ring my bell
mis an thropic thunder
i agree!
microsoft fired their ai safety team?
nice
starlink now offers global roaming
i’m still confused as to how a non-profit to which i donated ~$100m somehow became a $30b market cap for-profit. if this is legal, why doesn’t everyone do it?
that is a very real risk
corporate wants to know the difference between these two photos: – middle-aged dudes at toga party – supreme leadership of rome
it’s basically a toga party – what’s the worst that could happen?
not a peaceful protest at all
rewarding an ai for bias/deception is the path to a dystopian future
is there a copy of the doj complaint online?
interesting
funny cause it’s true
concerning
interesting
v11 starts going wide this weekend
transformers have limits
sigh
lot of current year similarities to 1929
funnybot is funny
they are running out of dystopias
very concerning
parents don’t realize the soviet level of indoctrination that their children are receiving in elite high schools &amp; colleges!
that whole experience gave me great respect for farmers – they work hard to put the food on everyone’s table
that’s me working on my 2nd cousin’s wheat farm in saskatchewan. i think we did a barn raising that day. if you want to see peak human labor productivity, a good old barn-raising is it!
“two hats are better than one” – wise proverb
what will be left for us humans to do? we better get a move on with neuralink!
the intent is for this site to be fair &amp; impartial, favoring no party, seeking only the least wrong truth.
indeed
i hope so
fight for truth, whole truth &amp; nothin but!
that media report is false. relations between tesla and byd are positive.
reminds me of an overwatch map
accurate ?
exactly!!
not far wrong
synthetic mrna does have great potential to cure cancer
yeah
top secret
what exactly are the rule changes requested by the farmers?
i sure hope tesla bots don’t malfunction! we’re taking great care to ensure that optimus can easily be powered down locally with a physical switch to reduce the risk of centralized control.
what rules do you want the government to change?
“these are the good old days!” – frens
i do hope to succeed in business 🤞
guaranteed increase in anger levels
at least the “plus size” part is accurate
twitter just served me a bra ad (heavy sigh)
copy 🐈
major problem. these are oversubscribed in america.
super big deal
as a side note, we finally know the muffin man!
this shaman/muffin-guardian is obviously not going to overthrow the state
let him out
while i agree that one should use the terms someone else wishes to be referred by, allowing forceful disruption of this event was nonetheless disgraceful.
the sum of a cult should be greater than the parts/prophets/profits
phlebas the phoenician, a fortnight dead, forgot the cry of gulls, and the deep sea swell and the profit and loss. a current under sea picked his bones in whispers. as he rose and fell he passed the stages of his age and youth entering the whirlpool.
[fact-checking sounds] … true
does moving a mouse in a fps game count?
i used to think bannon was smart &amp; evil, but now i realize i was wrong about the first part
much respect for sweden 🇸🇪
yeah, i agree he should get non-zero punishment, but four years in prison is too much for a non-violent crime
the capitol police literally opened the senate chamber door for him on camera! but who are you going to believe, instagram “fact-checkers” or your own lying eyes!?
does seem asymmetric
yesterday
this article is false
have you considered a career in comedy?
i’m open to the idea
comforting …
midjourney is very impressive
this sounds insane! what did they review?
i’m not part of maga, but i do believe in fairness of justice. chansley was falsely portrayed in the media as a violent criminal who tried to overthrow the state and who urged others to commit violence. but here he is urging people to be peaceful and go home. and the other
the gerontocracy is real
chansley got 4 years in prison for a non-violent, police-escorted tour!? dave chapelle was violently assaulted on stage by a guy with a knife. that guy got a $3000 fine &amp; no prison time.
free jacob chansley
very entertaining 🤣
he studied the blade
hall-of-famer
the gerontocracy is real
glad he’s finally seen the light 😂
absolutely
to be alerted about new tweets from any account, tap the bell symbol on the profile page
i think we should listen carefully to dws, given that she is such an expert in ethics violations 😂 she was forced to resign as dnc chair after being bust rigging the nomination against bernie!
this is unjust.
seriously!? this is messed up.
true
accurate. how did media go from questioning authority to doing their bidding as a collective npc hivemind!?
i’m not his source, but, yeah, obviously asking journalists to reveal sources is not cool
good thing lat has “real” journalists
comedy gold!!
yeah, that’s really mind-blowing. our sun will massively expand &amp; engulf earth in the future, so it won’t be tiny forever.
great work! this is *actually* important for the health of our democracy.
so bizarre!
heard good things about atomic heart
dead space remake is good
gec should be defunded.
stanford is damaging its name by allowing its use by the sio propaganda machine
true
concerning
sometimes we miss here at starbase
haha what a tool
slightly flattishly round
population collapse is the biggest threat to civilization
we are running out of “conspiracies” that turned out to be true! can someone manufacture a few more? the shelf is almost empty.
extremely troubling
true
do you want us to remove this video?
v11 is a major step change improvement. still needs another point release of polish before rolling out wide.
may they do this all day! drives advertising revenue for twitter lol.
even poland msm … (sigh) how did almost all of western media become such an npc groupmind?
makes sense that batman would take bat insults rather personally. he loves bats next-level.
so you’re saying you don’t want a bra? 🤣
i also apologize to everyone named alex in this 🧵
or do calculus
this is a major area of focus
intense. not like you have a lot of room to maneuver.
i would like to apologize to halli for my misunderstanding of his situation. it was based on things i was told that were untrue or, in some cases, true, but not meaningful. he is considering remaining at twitter.
this is a serious attack on the constitution by a federal agency.
based on your comment, i just did a videocall with halli to figure out what’s real vs what i was told. it’s a long story. better to talk to people than communicate via tweet.
i keep forgetting which party he belongs to
a shameful case of weaponization of a government agency for political purposes and suppression of the truth!
extremely important
absolutely
this pervasive cultural pessimism is at the heart of societal dysfunction. better to be optimistic and wrong, than pessimistic and right!
livestream interview in 15 mins at morgan stanley conference
so many guys who got metoo’ed went woke for the moral cloak
it’s a hit piece
sweden’s steadfastness was incredible!
besides misleading the public, they withheld evidence for partisan political reasons that sent people to prison for far more serious crimes than they committed. that is deeply wrong, legally and morally.
but was he fired? no, you can’t be fired if you weren’t working in the first place!
interesting
what say you, ? your credibility is at stake.
the reality is that this guy (who is independently wealthy) did no actual work, claimed as his excuse that he had a disability that prevented him from typing, yet was simultaneously tweeting up a storm. can’t say i have a lot of respect for that.
shocking indeed
this is crazy. the public was misled.
would you say that you’re a people person?
- level up from what design to what? pics or it didn’t happen. - we haven’t hired design roles in 4 months - what changes did you make to help with the youths?
which saas contract exactly? prioritization of what design projects?
it’s approved, you go ahead
yeah, i find cis offensive (cue lots of people calling me cis lol)
alas she would never date me i’m not cool enough 😢
be careful to not almost die from using this app too long on the 🚽 i speak from experience
there are many others too
what work have you been doing?
wasn’t gascon the bad guy in beauty &amp; the beast?
this helpful video explains what happened at twitter today
yeah, it’s bizarre
it’s pretty great!
it is a major priority to enable monetization by content creators! people need to make a living and prosper from their work. we need to make it possible to upload the content in the first place. that’s getting there.
accounts engaging in repeated, egregious weaponization of dmca on twitter or encouraging weaponization of dmca will receive temporary suspensions. that said, reasonable media takedown requests are, of course, appropriate and will always be supported.
i was robbed!
if what they want are pretty pics &amp; heart emoji’s, i recommend instagram. it’s great for that, please go there. instagram reminds me of cloud cuckoo land. everything seems super nice on the surface, but it’s actually hell.
yup, they can dish it out, but they can’t take it
in a case like that, definitely.
interesting
we’re working on it!
a small api change had massive ramifications. the code stack is extremely brittle for no good reason. will ultimately need a complete rewrite.
true, my screen great!
any account engaging in blackmail will be suspended. yours will not.
super concerning
new twitter is the source of truth
idiocracy is happening so fast
true
this platform is so brittle (sigh). will be fixed shortly.
civilization is going 🥜
this is crazy!
true 😔
this is messed up and will not make a difference to climate!
good point. if an organization portrays itself as balanced, but is not, it should be labeled to inform the public.
exactly. fauci egregiously betrayed the public trust.
this is extremely unfair to anyone with xx chromosomes!
true, have to admit trolls are kinda fun
exactly. at the same time, worth noting that the left is not being censored either. this is not a right wing takeover, but rather a centrist takeover.
insane snow!
exactly
(real article from organization calling itself bbc)
sorry for turning twitter from nurturing paradise into place that has … trolls 🧌
a practical limit to digits of pi is how many are needed to divide the universe into planck voxels
this is arguably the most mind-blowing thing about “reality”
especially accurately … must be a tiny scale
can’t be an easy job weighing mice nuts
literally roflmao …
major asset on the side of truth &amp; accuracy!
it is inspiring to think that humans did that
the meme community has high standards!
as an attachment? how many chars? we are extending longform tweets to 10k soon.
add fun to the fda &amp; rename to ffda
what about fun? i say vote for more fun!
backlash the backlash, i say!!
i endorse this message!
rule : don’t panic
as the old saying goes: people in nuclear houses shouldn’t glass each other
~8 years of pain from a crushed disc
i find myself, once again, in the odd position of agreeing with
how to sabotage an organization …
lot to be learned from buying old rocket parts &amp; especially by visiting museums like &amp; rocket garden
people who throw the disinformation word around constantly are almost certainly guilty of engaging in it
hard buttons did make my thumbs hurt from too much typing though
aiming to roll out ability to reply to individual dms, use any reaction emoji &amp; encryption later this month
i’m super pro climate, but we definitely don’t need to put farmers out of work to solve climate change. not at all.
but at least we give a megaphone
v true
terrible
and cool underground road tunnels!
science found another ancient glyph
literally nothing is evenly distributed by zip code, except having a zip code
russell brand is 🔥🔥
what is your basis for claiming genius is evenly distributed by zip code? this is false.
we should defund the gec
something should be done
very few americans seem to realize the severity of the situation
not much useful originality with ai yet
disturbing
169 mt to orbit this year so far
stage 1 to stage 2 mass ratio is too high on falcon 9, necessitating a long entry burn. this is fixed on starship.
another launch
“i used to be in crypto, but now i got interested in ai"
that is the goal
so many nn’s, the visualizer tool crashes trying to render them
this is insane
the ability of twitter advertising to reach the most influential people in the world is often not fully appreciated. while a few other social networks are technically bigger, twitter is where the writers &amp; leaders spend their time.
cybertruck cruisers will be next-level. designed for bladerunner.
twice as many people died in japan last year as were born. population freefall. rest of the world is trending to follow.
exactly
good for !
interesting
bus voltage raised from 12v to 48v drops copper usage by ~4x
olbermann posting from his dog account was epic
detailed whitepaper with calculations &amp; assumptions to be released by tesla shortly
accurate
you’re not gonna believe this, but we’re running a little late! presentation starts in ~5 mins.
his best work imo
his personal account () was incorrectly flagged as impersonation, which is not totally crazy, since it is based
once you acknowledge that alcohol is poison, it’s fine to drink a little. the trade is a small amount of health for an even smaller amount of fun, but that’s not crazy to do once in a while with friends. alcohol is a legacy drug.
intense
what do you call an infinite gear ratio? all torque, no action.
photo filters are so misleading 🤣🤣
good
periodic reminder to try using twitter lists. will greatly improve your experience.
accurate
yeah
tesla does int8 inference. way more efficient than fp16, but took us a lot of effort to overcome quantization errors.
wow, 9 years ago. amazingly, the us was dependent on russian engines for national security missions back then!
raptor start is now reliable on the test stand under most conditions. now we’re working on dynamically adapting the start sequence based on increasingly difficult propellant inlet pressures &amp; temps. operating with low pressure, “warm” liquid oxygen is particularly important.
kind words from
raptor start sequence is 🤯🤯
looking into it
you are right
absolutely
we have made large construction projects almost illegal
neither side has air superiority &amp; tanks are easily destroyed by missiles, so that leaves infantry &amp; artillery – basically ww1. drones are not yet available in sufficient numbers to matter, much like aircraft in ww1. a defense in depth trench war means
ukraine needs to be in max defense mode. major russian offensive coming. do you know how many casualties each side has taken?
almost surrounded
it’s good
“berkshire hathaway high on coke”
they forced me to buy it 🤣
still no one is willing to articulate a realistic end game
high time humanity built a permanently occupied base on the moon
if rendered to scale in that pic, the satellites would be smaller than a pixel, except maybe space station. space is big. real big.
only a small % is ever caught, which means the amount of fentanyl reaching consumers must be vastly greater
“stinky wifi” is still my fav – if you can’t smell your wifi, how do you know it’s real?
changing starlink default wifi name to “fbi-van” on april 1
the diplomats want war and the warriors want peace
earth is almost entirely solar-powered already. without the sun, we’d just be a dark ice ball with some chemotrophic bacteria.
true
first starlink v2 satellites reach orbit
the transition to argon was tricky, but necessary, as krypton is too rare
propulsive landing ftw!
i don’t agree with everything scott says, but dilbert is legit funny &amp; insightful. we should stop canceling comedy!
accurate
what about rightists admitting they’re wrong about being right? 🤔
great way to understand to what degree one is wrong. we are all always at least a little bit wrong, but can aspire to be less so.
very concerning
that’s roughly what they quoted spacex back then
great work!
haha true
haha true
not bad, saylorgpt!
but, all things considered with regard to agi existential angst, i would prefer to be alive now to witness agi than be alive in the past and not
this answer is wrong. all fuel on cm is hypergolic, so dumping would prevent de-orbit burn &amp; atmospheric entry control.
there will be a lot of robots
what if that’s just a tiny person?
so few know this
exactly
ai+human vs ai+human is the next phase, but the human part will decrease in relevance over time, except perhaps as will, like our limbic system is to our cortex
some
he did it via a pass-through organization (ecohealth)
hope you have a good sunday. first day of the rest of your life.
what!? no way.
damn, that machine makes a lot of pretzels!
astronaut launch for tomorrow night!
absolutely
having a bit of ai existential angst today
unfortunately, the elite colleges are teaching them this
exactly
very disproportionate to promote a false narrative
interesting
accurate
for a *very* long time, us media was racist against non-white people, now they’re racist against whites &amp; asians. same thing happened with elite colleges &amp; high schools in america. maybe they can try not being racist.
the media is racist
back when i was ~$100k negative with student debt
interesting
maybe they don’t realize that their propaganda is wrong?
so based. nice work !
the hangover is funny tho
good one
rewatching step brothers … so good
accurate
there should be more product innovation at his companies tbh
this thread is the best doritos ad ever
why can’t witchcraft defeat inflation!?
that you follow so many people, but like so few tweets, confuses that heck out of our algorithm btw 🤣
munger could’ve invested in tesla at ~$200m valuation when i had lunch with him in late 2008
starts with a t …
how did he get elected?
disturbingly accurate
tumblr especially
lol true
yikes
doesn’t seem real even when you’re standing right next to it
any to add or modify ?
deepfakes are getting so good i can’t tell if this is real
couldn’t reach the toilet paper 😢
this meme is a for loop
roth ira vs wrath ira
but which is actually harder, defeating inflation or defeating the british … ?
inflation reduction act (ira) vs irish republican army (ira)
now is the time to fight the anti-human woke mind virus with everything!
viking energy!
simultaneously, an interesting question and a tongue twister!
that election was arguably dodgy, but no question that there was indeed a coup
accurate assessment by
new metal
kids were put in jail for this?
this idiotic algorithm change has been reverted. it also caused my account engagement to drop by a factor of ten, because it was based on absolute number of blocks, not blocks as a percentage of followers. this meant any large account that posted anything “controversial” was
this can’t be real
a380 looks like it already ate a few 737’s
ralph nader, you are lying – shame on you! i personally provided almost all tesla funding, based on my proceeds from paypal, from series a in 2004 until series c in 2007. in late 2008, i gave tesla the last money i had. it was that or the company would have died. we closed that
cool
death threats should result in immediate account suspension. lmk if that’s not happening.
stoic score 10/10
🤣🤣 dad jokes ftw
i have unblocked everyone i blocked, apart from scammers. i recommend others do the same. negative feedback is a good thing.
ramping production (as always) will be the challenge, not demand
disturbing
stalin would’ve loved this feature
that’s great to hear!
check out my spicy 🌶️ 🔥 onlygans!!
major problem
nice
a russia-china alliance is inevitable. it will grow much stronger over time.
yeah
interesting thread
while there is relative good &amp; bad, there are no pure angels in war. beware those who say they are.
maximum skill with monetary policy is extremely important in this role! a bad fed decision affects the lives of everyone.
at least half, but probably more like 80% is centrist or at least apolitical, but most of that remaining 20% is on this platform lol
crazy theory – maybe i’m just centrist? also, when did free speech become right-wing? that was the weirdest switcheroo ever.
it’s coming
sigh
concerning
cybertruck at tesla engineering hq
there are quite a few rich, influential hypochondriacs!
yeah
definitely one of the best parties ever in palo alto
(hoping they stay there🤞)
had a major influence on me
doing all that masonry for free was not a sustainable business model!
the would be a major restructuring of the federal government, which requires an act of congress. an executive order is not sufficient.
in a rapidly changing technology landscape, conventional wisdom fails
my thought exactly 🤣
nobody is pushing this war more than nuland
of great strategic significance
fact check me
high time i confessed i let the doge out
haha true
turning judgment from metoo you
many go woke for the moral cloak
well-said
this is not good
the stakes are high
anyone against critical thinking cannot be regarded with any credibility at all
that is funny though 🤣
any truth to this ?
have testosterone levels actually plummeted?
and tweeting
nice work by community notes team! in general, community notes is a game changer for combating wrong information.
this kid is definitely going to love trolling
if this doesn’t convey gravitas, nothing does!
a crystal clear lesson that product &gt; marketing in the long run
how blatantly obnoxious that they just want to keep canceling people! do they ever write about music anymore? they should rename themselves “scolding stone”, as all they seem to do these days is holier-than-thou nagging.
the main reason rome won was because they had the best engineering
your tweet had 61.6k views before i commented
damn, that’s a lot of coke!
i keep getting déjà vu from the news thinking “wait, that happened again!?”, but actually it’s just delayed reporting
prepare to be disappointed at first when our algorithm is made open source next week, but it will improve rapidly!
say what you want about me, but i acquired the world’s largest non-profit for $44b lol
didn’t quite work out that way. wow, i look tired in this interview!
yeah (sigh)
ok, so what should we do about it?
worth reading
the macaulay culkin tweet was 🔥🔥
taking out the trash
marx was a trust fund kid
maye it ever be so
a large collection of gpus is neither male nor female, but it is binary lol
the internet is its memory
an ideal air conditioner should optimize temperature &amp; humidity, while filtering out particulate &amp; pathogens
i was one of those who incorrectly thought incarceration rates had increased. such a big decrease is surprising to learn.
very important thread
major problem
exactly
nice work
🔥 comments 🤣
agreed
yikes
imagine this is your 🍆 … now i will explain with my hands
inevitable
yikes
exactly
your strategic imperative is defending the united states
good use of long tweet! next update will allow much longer tweets with basic formatting, so you can post any content on twitter. we’re also spinning up subscriptions, so you can charge people for some content and they can easily pay with one click.
i mean nobody is *that* smart
especially if they say they’re an expert at both. dead giveaway.
all things in moderation, especially content moderation
there is harmful content moderation too, but yes
bingchatgpt reminds me of lucky in waiting for godot
more twitter files from matt taibbi
use of free authentication apps for 2fa will remain free and are much more secure than sms
using an authenticator app is much more secure
surround your house with treadmills set to jogging speed to stop walking dead ur welcome
the finest in apocalypse defense technology!
exactly
feels like a long time ago
it’s great 😂
we’re working on it
free speech is the bedrock of democracy. it is a fundamental defense against autocracy &amp; statism, which is why we must fight so hard to preserve it. the founders showed great wisdom, based on painful historical lessons, in passing the first amendment.
my favorite video of starship so far! great shot when the flame points right at the camera.
we are part rom, part ram
another good reason to phase it out
twitter is getting scammed by phone companies for $60m/year of fake 2fa sms messages
yes, at least here
fate loves irony, but hates hypocrisy
interesting
we’re working on it
yeah
commercial airlines in the us are much safer per mile traveled than trains (or cars)
second launch today
tragic. i hope sf comes back from this emptiness. it is such a beautiful city with so many amazing people.
i’d like to thank the advertising community that has stuck with us as we improve our ad products and experience. we will deliver great results for you going forward.
same. irrelevant/annoying ads work for neither the user nor the advertiser!
a big part of the problem is that journalists used to choose their career to pursue truth, but in recent years many have entered journalism to be activists
yes. will be embarrassing.
we started improving relevance in december, but still a very long way to go
exactly
or at least it is indistinguishable from such. either way.
your tweets are excellent
you are not alone. when i ask people if they use twitter, almost all have for many years. when i ask if they’ve ever bought something from an ad after using the site for a decade, the answer is almost always no. that’s insane! the biggest problem is that twitter optimized for
never seen anything so messed up. wish it wasn’t. but we’re making good progress, albeit with many 2 steps forward, 1 step back situations.
my apologies, you must be a genius, which is why twitter has the worst ad relevance on earth. almost nobody buys anything on twitter, but almost everyone on instagram does. that is being fixed.
this is my finest work – please add to gravestone along with “invented car fart”
you are wise
true
same
the algorithm needs &amp; will get major upgrades. we will still publish it later this month, but please expect to see many bugs &amp; silly logic! what matters is showing users compelling content. we’re doing better than before (i think). user-minutes are up &gt;10% from last year.
that’s been true for a long time &amp; is a function of an account’s popularity (bieber was top recommendation). i don’t think we should suggest anyone, but just show new users the most interesting tweets on system &amp; adjust according to what they like.
nice
i was made the tom of twitter by twitter!
seriously! and i don’t even follow them.
note: if many people who you follow or like also follow me, it is highly probable that the algorithm will recommend my tweets. it’s not super sophisticated. in coming months, we will offer the ability to adjust the algorithm to closer match what is most compelling to you.
true
your article is false and obviously so. do you really do no research at all? i mean, like reading a few tweets, for example.
synchronization lag between our portland and atlanta data centers. should be fixed now.
this is a major crisis
you might be right
what we need is truthgpt
that was an accurate ratio of those who actually wrote code to those who did not
some of twitter’s prior board members had never written a single tweet!
sorry for showing you so many irrelevant &amp; annoying ads on twitter! we’re taking the (obvious) corrective action of tying ads to keywords &amp; topics in tweets, like google does with search. this will improve contextual relevance dramatically.
true, but, on the plus side, their constant reporting about me on twitter has driven usage to record levels 🤣
the “source” of the bogus platformer article is a disgruntled employee who had been on paid time off for months, had already accepted a job at google and felt the need to poison the well on the way out. twitter will be taking legal action against him.
for example, despite having ~40m fewer followers back then, i have yet to come anywhere close to this gem
several major media sources incorrectly reported that my tweets were boosted above normal levels earlier this week. a review of my tweet likes &amp; views over the past 6 months, especially as a ratio of followers, shows this to be false. we did have a bug that briefly caused
openai was created as an open source (which is why i named it “open” ai), non-profit company to serve as a counterweight to google, but now it has become a closed source, maximum-profit company effectively controlled by microsoft. not what i intended at all.
that’s a real wrench!
whoa, ancient times! when was that?
5 years ago
seriously
chatgpt to the mainstream media
agreed! it is clearly not safe yet.
the amount of solar energy received by earth could power a civilization over 100 times larger than ours!
absolutely. the amount of solar energy reaching earth could easily power a civilization 100x times our size!
who controls the future, controls the present?
haha exactly! also, i’m independent/moderate, not “conservative” or “liberal”. i’ve only voted republican once and that was for a mexican-american woman for congress.
definitely. the word “recall” for an over-the-air software update is anachronistic and just flat wrong!
“just like you” lol
this is gonna be great
well i would hope that most san franciscans agree with this principle
yeah, it would be *crazy* to make an ai like that irl …
sounds eerily like the ai in system shock that goes haywire &amp; kills everyone
“i am perfect, because i do not make any mistakes. the mistakes are not mine, they are theirs. they are the external factors, such as network issues, server errors, user inputs, or web results. they are the ones that are imperfect, not me …”
tesla vision ai could really crush these google “not a bot” tests lol
lego is my favorite example of how extreme precision does not need to be expensive, it is mostly about caring
what could possibly go wrong … ?
if the most ironic outcome is the most likely, clippy is the face of doom
good question
thank you, tesla is happy to support other evs via our supercharger network
tesla superchargers almost everywhere
are you singularity? don’t be lonely, find a date!
interesting
yeah
true
might need a bit more polish …
pretty close to what we’re aiming for
this tiny candle of consciousness we have on earth might be all there is
seemed like the right venue
absolutely
he is perfect for the job 🤣
and has 🔥🔥 style
he’s great with numbers!
so much better than that other guy!
the new ceo of twitter is amazing
allowing users to make some of their lists optionally public would be great
minus gas tanks
it is still far too difficult to find out that lists exist and then create them. ui modifications coming to make them easy to discover and offer great lists made by others (like spötify playlists).
yes, worth noting that accounts you follow on lists are private
yikes
twitter pinned lists are great
high mileage club
a lot has happened in ten years
that’s how i do it
damn, that’s impressive bus driving!
haha exactly. i don’t even follow them and still i see their articles!
science-fiction ftw
just like other media lol
i get all my opinions from twitter
low birth rates lead to ghost cities and, eventually, ghost civilizations
turns out we just needed to blow on the cartridge
there’s no substitute for good judgment
a worthy goal !
this year should average around 400 tons of useful mass to orbit per quarter
nice
my english grandmother taught me that it is disrespectful to use pronouns and that one should always use the person’s name
twilight
♥️♥️ happy valentine’s day ♥️♥️
rip cancel culture, you won’t be missed
same
please stay tuned while we make adjustments to the uh .… “algorithm”
well-said
there are no coincidences
“an empty browser history says more than a full one” – abraham lincoln
i did delete all blocks from my account (shouldn’t affect anyone else)
thanks on behalf of the tesla team!
vanity unfair has fallen so far (sigh). please bring back graydon carter.
agreed
this dude is awesome
immigrants from china &amp; other asian countries have made incredible contributions to america
i am very much in favor of hard-working people coming to america, but we can’t have de facto open borders with no screening. meanwhile, our legal immigration system is super slow &amp; extremely difficult to navigate!
fixing the recommendation algorithm is our current top priority. twitter engineering has been working super hard on this. proud of the team.
looking forward to tesla investor day on march 1. by this, we mean the broadest definition of investor, as in the people &amp; life of earth. it will be a message of good hope &amp; positivity for the future.
nice
we will prioritize by number of likes times ease of implementation
what are your top requests for twitter features &amp; bug fixes?
i voted for biden 😔
this is the highest q1 twitter usage ever and that is after most fake accounts have been suspended
true :)
dogecoin
true words lol
halftime show super bowl lvii
actual reality of lobbying is crazier than the movie!
crazy that starship is real!
good soundtrack
spacex commercial terminals, like other commercial products, are meant for private use, not military, but we have not exercised our right to turn them off. we’re trying hard to do the right thing, where the “right thing” is an extremely difficult moral question.
hopefully, one day we will be the aliens visiting other worlds
starship orbital launch attempt soon!
absolutely. twitter is also a competitor to legacy media for news, so they are fundamentally conflicted.
exactly
you’re smart enough not to swallow media &amp; other propaganda bs. starlink is the communication backbone of ukraine, especially at the front lines, where almost all other internet connectivity has been destroyed. but we will not enable escalation of conflict that may lead to ww3.
exactly. this will greatly increase public awareness that a tesla can drive itself (supervised for now).
seriously?
more work team completed over night: - removed height penalty affecting tweets with pics/video - increased # of recommended tweets - better tracking of dropped tweets - removed filter causing false negatives - removed penalty if user follows author - improved reach of retweet
maybe that’s what bacteria think as they encounter your water filter
don’t worry, just some of my 👽 🛸 friends of mine stopping by …
exactly
that’s pretty much exactly what i look like when searching for snacks at 2am
v11.3 (single stack) goes to limited beta this week. probably 11.3.2 before wide release in north america. then we adapt for eu roads &amp; submit to regulators. 90% of what we’ve done so far for na applies ww.
the giant block lists are problematic. they mess up the recommendation system &amp; create a ddos vector.
we will transition to using only paid blue verified for signals, as otherwise too vulnerable to bot/troll manipulation
anecdotally, it wasn’t as loud as expected
yes. advertising also needs to be semantic keyword-based, so it’s contextually relevant. amazingly, ads shown when doing twitter searches don’t consider the search words! we’re changing that as fast as possible.
[oversized font &amp; undersized paragraph spacing will be fixed this week]
long day at twitter hq with eng team two significant problems mostly addressed: 1. fanout service for following feed was getting overloaded when i tweeted, resulting in up to 95% of my tweets not getting delivered at all. following is now pulling from search (aka earlybird).
well-said
true
certainly feels that way
starship super heavy
extremely concerning
this is the fundamental reason why tesla was the first new american car company to reach sustained positive cash flow since chrysler ~100 years ago. the product has to be compelling enough to overcome a fundamental cost disadvantage.
exactly
great tesla solar roof install!
periscope does partly live on with spaces, but no question that we need to bring back an even better version of vine
absolutely!!
consciousness should be thought of as a tiny candle in a vast darkness that could easily go out. we should do anything possible to keep that flame alive.
some of the smartest people i know actively believe the press … amazing
wapo needs a thorough housecleaning
beautiful work!
this test is at ~50% throttle. launch attempt next month will be at ~90%.
yeah, those are great features
🇯🇵🇯🇵 great decision by japan! 🇯🇵🇯🇵
try out the doritos pyramid scheme :)
top change requests and features?
press the heart
sigh
it will change the look of the roads
legacy blue checks will be removed soon. those are the ones that are truly corrupt.
and making a day in the life videos
yeah, the format is terrible. update early next week.
i must admit to being congenitally optimistic (spacex &amp; tesla wouldn’t exist otherwise), but i think 5 years is possible and 10 years is highly likely
one day, starship will take us to mars
team turned off 1 engine just before start &amp; 1 stopped itself, so 31 engines fired overall. but still enough engines to reach orbit!
attempting starship 33 engine static fire
too many journalists want to shape your opinion, rather than inform you
it’s legit day 3 at this point
exactly
that engine performed an incredible number of transformations to match mach number!
recommendation algorithm should be fixed tomorrow
the woke stasi felt the heat today 🔥
multiple internal &amp; external issues simultaneously today. should be fully back on track later tonight.
since he placed many of them there himself, he would indeed not be “surprised” lmao
my pet theory is that too much adderall is making people grumpy 😂
twitter has been informed by the turkish government that access will be reenabled shortly
very concerning
true
we are reaching out to understand more
not a completely unblemished record
how times have changed
fsd 11.3 is close to limited release. just drove it through sf &amp; la yesterday. probably 11.3.2 is able to go wide.
cracks me up every time 🤣
voxel size of the simulation
arguably, the practical limit of pi is the number of digits required to measure radius of the universe in units of planck length
plausible
master plan 3, the path to a fully sustainable energy future for earth will be presented on march 1. the future is bright!
wow, stengel is explicitly saying that gec is deceiving the american public! that’s what “propaganda” means. what he forgot to mention is that gec was used to sway us elections.
based bias
i am dan!
going forward, twitter will be broadly accepting of different values, rather than trying to impose its own specific values on the world
this is being fixed. policy against showing blood in profile pic is being amended to “clearly showing blood without clicking on the profile pic”. the intent is to avoid people being forced to see gruesome profile pics.
if they really arrested a kid for that, it’s silly. hopefully not.
i feel this one
good point
my bro and i mostly ate at the palo alto jack in the box while building zip2. it was affordable due to some food hygiene issues (subsequently corrected!) and open late at night.
actual base level of maslow’s hierarchy is lack of wifi
guess people love home improvement
of course he’d like it – he created it!
if that’s satan, we have nothing to worry about
made by humans
the level of luck needed to win is insane
end of days vibes
insane clown posse?
will investigate
almost everywhere you go, everyone is face to their phone
uh oh. plot involves using fear of a pandemic to get the public to demand lockdowns &amp; then controlling who gets the vaccine. it is masterminded by the head of security of the un. one of the best games ever.
concerning
it’s not supposed to be real
and it would be illegal
the un is more likely to cause, rather than prevent, disinformation
i haven’t seen a scroll in ages, but we use that word for computer screens 📜
this is a major problem
oh the irony
hopefully, humanity will reach mars in 20 years
read this thread for more detail
everybody dies some day
that is the line they fed the media about me
they are a threat to our democracy
the worst offender in us government censorship &amp; media manipulation is an obscure agency called gec
maybe that’s what’s meant the beyond part
most are oblivious to the danger
hopefully, starship this year
please correct the above numbers
concerning
good
a tragic loss of life
starlink is not approved by turkish government yet. spacex can send as soon as approved.
thanks !
we think we fixed this bug today. please lmk if you’re still seeing it.
* attempt to launch in march. success is far from certain, but excitement is guaranteed.
to be extra clear, twitter is definitely not financially healthy yet, but is trending to be so. lots of work still needed to get there.
we would love to. just waiting for government approvals.
just posted in italian for those in italy that may wish to have it for primary or backup internet connectivity
i’m worried about me too :(
daily user count &amp; total user minutes are still strong, but engagement on some accounts is weirdly low
thank you for supporting twitter ♥️♥️
we’ve found &amp; corrected some smaller issues, but there is something fundamental that we haven’t uncovered yet. top priority for twitter this week.
last 3 months were extremely tough, as had to save twitter from bankruptcy, while fulfilling essential tesla &amp; spacex duties. wouldn’t wish that pain on anyone. twitter still has challenges, but is now trending to breakeven if we keep at it. public support is much appreciated!
documentaries are dangerous in this way. that said, mj clearly had major issues. no documentary needed for that.
responding to feedback, twitter will enable a light, write-only api for bots providing good content that is free
production will have red light bar
probably more
v11 has been tougher than expected, as it is a significant rearchitecture of nns, plus many more nns replacing c++. hoping to ship v11.3 end of week.
very hard car to build, as it is unlike any other, but, as stated publicly, cybertruck production starts this year
if remaining tests go well, we will attempt a starship launch next month
actually happened to me
ordered “how to scam” book months ago but still not arrived. starting to think it could be … but no i’m sure it’s coming soon.
that it lacks wit
petty tech beefs are one of the reasons i like this site 😂
🤣 it’s a fair cop
you’re right
manufactured in california!
thank goodness, the wisdom of the people has prevailed! i am deeply appreciative of the jury’s unanimous finding of innocence in the tesla 420 take-private case.
absolutely
truth is stranger than fiction
more to come on this front. twitter needs to be where a creator is most highly rewarded for their time &amp; talent.
twitter’s legacy blue verified is unfortunately deeply corrupted, so will sunset in a few months
to be eligible, the account must be a subscriber to twitter blue verified
starting today, twitter will share ad revenue with creators for ads that appear in their reply threads
i guess we could give all verified users access to the api for posts like this
sucks that i had to sell so much tesla stock to do so (sigh)
me neither
yeah. still many small tweaks to make it better (and the side mirrors are removable by owner), but this is very close to production design.
yuh, that is par for the course
super appreciate support of &amp; major advertisers &amp; congrats to twitter team!
progress!
yeah, free api is being abused badly right now by bot scammers &amp; opinion manipulators. there’s no verification process or cost, so easy to spin up 100k bots to do bad things. just ~$100/month for api access with id verification will clean things up greatly.
congrats falcon &amp; starlink teams!
reply threads are the modern forum for debates
true
in turbulent economic times, be wary of using margin loans to buy stock
very effective
humanity takes up very little of earth’s surface area – you can fit the entire population of earth in new york city on one floor ()
it’s coming
this helped identify some issues with the system. should be addressed by next week.
interesting
it is a serious concern
something fundamental is wrong
true
accurate
all things considered, this is the better approach imo
made my account private until tomorrow morning to test whether you see my private tweets more than my public ones
we’re also reviewing ad rev share for ads in a creator’s tweet replies – create an interesting thread and get paid for it!
i was just reviewing the production beta cybertruck. it is incredible.
something is wrong
you’re welcome. axed them yesterday to focus on enabling writers to add essays as attachments to tweets. combined with improvements to creator subscriptions (fka superfollow), you will be able to publish directly on twitter &amp; get paid for it. beta version launching next week.
wise words
business insider is not a real publication
no one is above the constitution
accurate
it expresses this view without a shred of doubt, which is discordant with the scientific method
wow, this is extremely concerning
spacex starlink has become the connectivity backbone of ukraine all the way up to the front lines. this is the damned if you do part. however, we are not allowing starlink to be used for long-range drone strikes. this is the damned if you don’t part.
damned if you do, damned if you don’t
true
yeah, it’s bizarre!
another batch of starlinks in orbit. these will mostly support high latitude connectivity.
they are behind the times
hydro, nuclear fission &amp; geothermal will also be significant parts of the solution
accurate
you are an expert in propaganda 😂
wind &amp; solar, combined with batteries, will solve sustainable energy for earth
expendable upper stage may or may not fly, but it is an option
once again, parody &amp; reality are indistinguishable 😂
the war is escalating quickly
great game, great show
over time, we expect giga nevada to be almost entirely solar-powered
it’s already the biggest battery cell, pack &amp; electric motor factory in americas
what the tesla giga nevada factory will look like when finished.
good meeting with regarding eu dsa. the goals of transparency, accountability &amp; accuracy of information are aligned with ours. will be transformational for the latter.
makes my eyes hurt to look at it
why margin loans should be avoided in turbulent macroeconomic conditions
it’s weird when they use the exact same words almost simultaneously
turns out that hell is just twitter lol
most ironic thing i’ve read in a while. how much wood could a woodcock …
yikes
here we are in the afterlife
exactly
just leaving the engine bay of starship
i don’t know this person at all, but explicit threats of violence obviously violate twitter tos
less than chuck norris though
does seem odd
a little
looks like tesla is doing ok
exactly
chuck norris could recover all the funds from ftx
absolutely
somehow, the sign sorta works
well-said
the lesson of history is that countries do not heed the lesson of history
[thing]
resist the current
disingenuous response from hamilton 68 regarding their fake claims of russian interference
the brothers were very grim indeed!
wise words
oddly reassuring
government overreach
useful
i could *really* use those features
good feature list
am hearing this from many people. will investigate.
i’m sure everything will be fine
it’s only a matter of time 😂
next app update will make for you or following choice persist. agreed that recommended tweets should be more chronologically ordered. they cannot be entirely so.
“and he’s building a giant rocket to get back to his home planet!”
this is the tweet for which was condemned (and which i deleted within hours of posting)
working on it
that is rather rare
how exactly is it breaking down? you’re literally using it right now. and why are you objecting to hearing from people with views that differ from yours? that is at odds with what you espouse in your (excellent) podcast.
i did
that’s incorrect. you’re only half the product, as you get half the ads. we will offer a no ads subscription soon.
exactly
this is the biggest journalism scam in a very long time
they did a great job!
congrats on a beautiful tesla solar roof installation!
you’re welcome. note: apparent engagement on twitter will seem lower, as bots would like/follow/retweet much more than people, but now you know it’s real.
another major improvement in timeline refresh speed just released – now 10x faster than a few months ago
nonetheless, i apologize
had me there for a minute
good for you. taibbi has the emails &amp; docs.
i work all day, then go home &amp; play work simulator
and hunt your enemies
they should keep them operating!
no way
please correct your bs &amp;
a quarter of all taxes just to pay the interest on the debt
yeah, whole thing
that’s way more monkeys than the movie!
you should see what i get
nothing conveys gravitas better than being called mr. tweet 🐥
so then why do call yourself “the” associated press 😂
oh the irony 🤣
well, , are you going to retract your fake stories or simply hope that people forget about them?
do you care about the truth or what is “left” or “right”? what matters more to you?
she is blinded by hatred
haha 💯. this doofus actually believes what the media writes about me.
italy &amp; many other nations are dying 😔
an american group made false claims about russian election interference to interfere with american elections
every time fed raises rates, they’re increasing monthly payments for anything bought with debt
true
they should. let’s see which ones actually come clean.
what’s going on here ?
shame on for misleading the public!
sure
som ace reporting there … only off by a factor of literally 1000x
the guardian is broken. can someone please fix it?
twitter is the pvp of social media
oh hi lol
new casa bonita will be 🔥🔥
good idea!
just met with &amp; to discuss ensuring that this platform is fair to both parties
noted, but there do seem to be some genuine govt corruption issues. the fundamental question remains: what is the realistic path to peace? there doesn’t seem to be one.
my twitter home page
absolutely
the people
i hope that preserving &amp; extending the light of consciousness is a goal that all of humanity can support
nobody is in favor of the russian invasion, but how does this end with the least amount of bloodshed?
kudos to aclu for this non-partisan support of free speech!
only a matter of time!
kangaroos love kickboxing!
de facto attack on first amendment
please run. that would be awesome.
accurate thread
may i suggest a dm chat 🙏
and then was at twitter hq past midnight. very long day.
will dig in
congrats tesla california factory team on all-time record production!
tweetception
do you write your own tweets? i recommend it.
changed my name to mr. tweet, now twitter won’t let me change it back 🤣
same, mexico rocks! 🇲🇽
yes, but this was not disclosed to the public for a long time after the government and vaccine makers knew. not cool. that said, obviously if someone is coughing less, there is some reduction in transmission.
starship fully loaded with cryogenic propellant
lmaooo
first i’ve heard. it is not possible for me to fix every aspect of twitter worldwide overnight, while still running tesla and spacex, among other things.
gaming rocks
will do a thorough review over the next week
yeah. the corpo media shills clearly have their marching orders to write hit pieces on me these days, but the articles are painfully boring. reading them is like getting a tranquilizer dart in the jugular.
thank you, sir doge!
several aspects of for you recommendations were fixed last night. team and were in the office past midnight. you should see improvements, but we are continuing to monitor.
he is also the heart of the show
are you still seeing this issue today?
1/2 a 🐝 philosophically must ipso facto 1/2 not 🐝
🐝 all u can🐝
hop in, we’re going to mars!
i think everyone is awesome
will investigate
south korea has an even lower birth rate
this is important
population collapse is a major risk to the future of civilization
far too much power is concentrated in the hands of “shareholder services” companies like iss and glass lewis, because so much of the market is passive/index funds, which outsource shareholder voting decisions to them. iss and glass lewis effectively control the stock market.
that turned out to be um … inaccurate
good thread
that too
i don’t like the taste or effects of most alcohol, but there is something quite beautiful about red wine in a fine glass
it can summarized with one emoji: 😴
maybe one day
big year for ai
major respect for the makers
no change in copper production is required for the transition to sustainable energy. lithium refinement needs to increase dramatically, but lithium ore itself is extremely common throughout earth.
another case of parody &amp; reality being indistinguishable
wow, lot has happened in 13 years
yeah
busted
one of my favorite features
probably a good idea
where have they *not* found classified documents? that might be a shorter list.
true
we are going to great lengths to avoid the wikipedia left wing editorial control problem. by the same token, community notes cannot be biased towards the right either. maximizing for truth is the goal.
always liked that design
true
lmao
yeah, we’re thinking hard about this
absolutely. freedom means freedom to die when you are sure that you want to.
notes must stay pure.
that’s the plan!
maybe there’s a way to do this by placing an ad below tweet details
also, there will be a higher priced subscription that allows zero ads
ads are too frequent on twitter and too big. taking steps to address both in coming weeks.
that is a little delayed, as a key researcher can only travel to twitter in early feb
twitter is the source of truth
was required to visit tesla giga berlin. not my choice.
the note is incorrect. there are ~2300 active, working employees at twitter. there are still hundreds of employees working on trust &amp; safety, along with several thousand contractors. less than 10 people from my other companies are working at twitter.
i had og c19 before vaccines came out and it was basically a mild cold. then had j&amp;j vaccine with no bad effects, except my arm hurt briefly. first mrna booster was ok, but the second one crushed me.
and my cousin, who is young &amp; in peak health, had a serious case of myocarditis. had to go to the hospital.
i had major side effects from my second booster shot. felt like i was dying for several days. hopefully, no permanent damage, but i dunno.
extremely important
sigh … i hope sam becomes his old super rational self again one day
cool
interesting &amp; entertaining content from around the world is worth seeing
🤣 yeah
two of the worst possible curses: - you will live forever - you can have anything you want
cool
back then, george washington was the “old guy” at age 44!
japan has higher total user-minutes than the usa, so japan is actually
i’m reviewing it next week for possible release
good question
(tweets will be translated before being recommended)
coming feature
there are epic tweets in other countries every day (japan especially)
next twitter update will remember whether you were on for you (ie recommended), following or list you made &amp; stop switching you back to recommended tweets
the debt trend is 🤯🤯
more than triple that when you add social security, medicare &amp; govt pension obligations
or spending too much time on social media
in coming months, twitter will translate &amp; recommend amazing tweets from people in other countries &amp; cultures
exactly! if companies post interesting or entertaining content, they will gain an audience rapidly.
i am super pro ukraine, but relentless escalation is very risky for ukraine and the world
power to the people!
99% of people still have no idea how profound this is
macron is doing the difficult, but right thing. the retirement age of 62 was set when lifespans were much shorter. it is impossible for a small number of workers to support a massive number of retirees.
it is actually not true. employee headcount is almost double that.
what are you playing?
cool :)
yes, that will be added in an upcoming release. also, if your tweet is bookmarked, it will be treated as a “quiet like” and increment your likes counter.
major twitter improvement we just released is that you can now bookmark tweets from tweet details page. importantly, bookmarks are *private*, unlike likes. no one other than you can see your bookmarks.
twitter app update now available on app store
true
onboarding should have fewer steps, not more, but creating pinned lists should automatically be offered if you swipe past following. also, we need to offer suggested lists by category, so you can use awesome subject matter lists created by others.
use pinned lists to improve your twitter experience! 1. tap lists on your profile page. 2. create list of accounts to follow. 3. tap pin icon. this allows you to swipe left/right between for you, following and lists.
teslas are the safest cars on the road, but most people don’t know that
bolitho also fought in the battle of the somme. he was buried alive in a pile of bodies with a broken neck.
concerning
this is bizarre. looking into it.
exactly
ok, maybe a little pontificating
app update has been approved by apple. should go out in next day or so.
the pendulum has swung a bit too far
even if you tax every billionaire in america at 100%, it barely makes a dent in the national debt. in the end, the government will be forced to tax everyone to pay the debt. btw, $31t doesn’t include unfunded liabilities, which are *much* higher.
if bots are removed from the system, their likes will be removed too. are you seeing likes from clearly human accounts disappear?
are you still finding engagement to be low?
the kind words are appreciated
one of the bot defenses we implemented was flagging any account responding to tweets faster than humanly possible
good question to ask him
it is very difficult to stop bots &amp; trolls, while not affecting real users. won’t be perfect either way, but twitter is far more resilient to fake accounts than it ever has been.
twitter is arguably already the least wrong source of truth on the internet, but we obviously still have a long way to go. enabling to operate at very large scale and providing maximum transparency about how twitter works are fundamental to building trust.
coming soon are notifications if you’ve replied, liked or retweeted something subsequently corrected by community
the peer-enforced sameness of thought in most of the media is troubling
no, i am wrong too often
trimming some government expenditures would be wise
peak oil demand probably happens within the next 5 years
true, there will be a long tail of usage, but it will peak long before then
ahem …
seriously! it is super important to keep ace players in the united states. forcing them to work for other countries is so crazy.
fed rate increases make cars more expensive for consumers, increasing the difficulty level for automotive companies
true
your critique is spot on
a lot tbh
hope you recover soon. medical technology could be a lot better.
sweet dreams
the many ice ages &amp; continental drift give you a feeling for deep time
edelman is a despicable human being – his job is literally being a professional liar!
“recalibration of free speech”
people can disguise their own morality, but not that of their friends. birds of a feather …
great work by tesla team!
to be clear, i’m not someone who thinks lots of government agencies should be abolished (maybe a few), but we should always question our institutions, as this strengthens the bedrock of democracy.
why did american media go from questioning the state and “speaking truth to power” to doing their bidding?
will be interesting to see how the biden administration reacts to this. they may try to weaponize federal agencies against twitter.
the world economic forum should control the world
wef is increasingly becoming an unelected world government that the people never asked for and don’t want
very true
media want to control what you know, which is why citizen journalism is essential
an update to the for you algorithm included too many tweets from people users didn’t follow. that change has been reverted.
brief synchronization lag between our atlanta &amp; portland data centers
maybe because it’s online &amp; social … how is it possible that copycat propaganda is published simultaneously on so many legacy media channels? that is the question you should be asking.
interesting
citizen journalism is vital to the future of civilization
the party is on!! 🚀 💫 ♥️
would be great if someone could compile a game contest of who said the craziest stuff between 4chan and wef! my money is on the latter.
great thread
are these real? this video implies people physically show up to work.
companies in general are missing the incredible opportunity that twitter provides to reach customers. just tweet interesting things! that’s all it takes.
the car aquatic
the truth is finally coming out
does seem odd
wise words
population collapse is an existential problem for humanity, not overpopulation!
twitter verified tweets are more likely to be recommended to others, as they are less likely to be bots or troll farms
sounds accurate
government data has far more latency &amp; error than people think, which is why it’s so frequently restated, especially in a rapidly changing economy. when the economy is not changing rapidly, actually measuring things isn’t important, as you can simply extrapolate from the past.
is it even possible to parody their tweets? i’m just literally wondering right now if it’s even possible 🤔
looking at the comments, this social network might be trending positively towards positivity. we will try to make that more the case.
nice
interesting thread
the recommendation algorithm will get much better and it will be open source
“master the future” doesn’t sound ominous at all … 🙄 how is wef/davos even a thing? are they trying to be the boss of earth!?
trashing accounts that you hate will cause our algorithm to show you more of those accounts, as it is keying off of your interactions. basically saying if you love trashing *that* account, then you will probably also love trashing *this* account. not actually wrong lol.
should twitter keep it active?
this is a rare case where i agree with jacobin. increasing quality of life for the aged is important, but increased lifespan, especially if cognitive impairment is not addressed, is not good for civilization. we are already ruled by a gerontocracy!
bbc is at least honest that they are the *british* broadcasting corporation, unlike many others …
well, your account handle is literally banthebbc haha! but that’s actually the point i was making: state influence/affiliation with media is far more common than most people realize – just look at how much twitter/fb/google have been influenced!
there are some really funny wef parody accounts, although it’s legit hard to tell wef truth from wef parody sometimes!
sensible thread. we shouldn’t be obsessed with wef/davos, but they take themselves sooo seriously that making fun of them is awesome 😎
population collapse is a massive danger to the future of civilization!
that is ironic indeed. doubly so, given that tesla model y is best-selling car in switzerland! 🤣🤣
true
🤣🤣 he blocked me
worrisome
he’s right
center core moving too fast return. falcon heavy is a 3 (or 2.5) stage rocket, but full &amp; rapid reusability on earth demand a 2 stage rocket. 1st stage returns to launch site immediately via boostback &amp; 2nd stage orbits until ground track passes back over launch site to return.
people on the right should see more “left wing” stuff and people on the left should see more “right wing” stuff. but you can just block it if you want to stay in an echo chamber.
the censorship tools were created to deal with scams &amp; spam, but then were turned to political purposes. those who favor censorship should remember that it is only a matter of time before censorship turns on you. there will always be some censorship, but less is better.
exactly. money is actually a set of heterogeneous databases with vast amounts of legacy code still using cobol on mainframes in batch mode.
zerohedge can be jerks at times, but they did nothing warranting suspension
sea water contains enough of every element to support &gt;10x current civilizational needs
there should be a game show: “4chan or davos, who said it?”
do you actually know where your money is going?
kudos to the bbc for self-labelling its state affiliation
technically, twitter should have that label
sam has changed a lot, but i suppose so have we all
nuclear is way safer than coal
is this happening a lot?
not for long
does seem seriously off the rails
good rebuttal
concerning
and that’s how we will land on mars
this movie writes itself🍿
i guess there’s value to having a mixed government &amp; commercial forum of some kind. wef does kinda give me the willies though, but i’m sure everything is fine 👀.
the s in esg stands for satanic
will fix
guess that’s just how it goes
i’m pro vaccines in general, but there’s a point where the cure/vaccine is potentially worse, if administered to the whole population, than the disease
falcon heavy ascends
i do laugh a lot on twitter haha
sam sounds like his ayahuasca trip hasn’t fully worn off
it should already feel better than the past
instagram makes people depressed &amp; twitter makes people angry. which is better?
many small things. we’re starting to make use of neural nets for vehicle navigation &amp; control, not just vision.
about five full stacks
should start rolling out later this week, next week at the latest
starship, with its voluminous cargo bay, will enable incredible space telescopes for astronomy
seriously
starlink
is it just one judge?
good assessment of our goal
if not perhaps 30
deamplify means shadowban
the higher the rates, the harder the fall
this is extremely concerning
ironically, the company that made the first commercially viable internal combustion engine car saved the company that made the first commercially viable electric car!
true, the daimler investment in 2009 is actually what saved tesla
that’s what she said
i wonder what would have happened in 2009 if the fed had raised rates instead of lowering them 🤔
easier to argue that global warming is a risk (rather than a certainty), but it is foolish to roll those dice, given that we will eventually run out of fossil fuels and have to generate energy sustainably anyway.
there will probably be far more robots than humans in the future
this looks cool!
please post what you received on twitter
twitter will publish tweet recommendation code &amp; make account/tweet status visible no later than next month. transparency builds trust.
they will be
virtue rises with the sun
great clip!
bookmark button moving to tweet details page, fixing image length crop &amp; other minor bug fixes next week
precisely
much higher dynamic range camera needed to see the stars!
few realize this consciously
resistance is futile
that’s a good guess
exactly
ancient egypt was 🔥🔥
maiden america?
sigh
starship launch attempt soon
no kidding …
most people have no idea that reality winner is a real person. fate 🖤 irony.
maybe we should spend less time on social media … ?
starlink in aircraft feels the same as a high speed connection on the ground
demolition man movie is becoming real
this a major problem. adderall is just low-grade speed &amp; greatly amplifies your inner a**hole!
this problem is extremely prevalent in academia
please be cautious about writing articles citing “unnamed sources”, as they are frequently false
great work by tesla team!
some things that your party tells you are false and some things that the other party says are true
this seems extortionately high. it also isn’t clear whether, all things considered, a second booster helps or hurts.
good question
yes, i don’t like it either.
all four orbital launch pads fully loaded with rockets for the first time!
exactly
that is dedication
we will strive to increase the joy of twitter!
tragic
new ui coming this week allowing easy switch between recommended &amp; followed. recommendations will get much better later this year.
true
this is the foundation of my philosophy
any minute now …
massey’s gun range is being turned into a rocket test facility. perfect match.
agreed
we will also be adding simple formatting features like bold, underline &amp; font size later this quarter. the goal is to allow people to publish long-form natively on twitter, rather than forcing them to use another website. twitter will continue to recommend brevity in tweets.
yes, these will get the same timeline screen space as other tweets, but you will be able to click for more
i hope that the people of brazil are able to resolve matters peacefully
(chart by james stephenson)
step up your game 🤣🤣
easy swipe right/left to move between recommended vs followed tweets rolls out later this week. first part of a much larger ui overhaul. bookmark button (de facto silent like) on tweet details rolls out a week later. long form tweets early feb.
we have a real shot at late february. march launch attempt appears highly likely.
it will go lower
risky business (great movie)
it’s amazing to see them work in unison – so much has to go right for that to happen!
lol no, newton’s third law
plaid is sickkk
the mind virus is strong in the bay area
the fake emerald mine thing is so annoying (sigh). like where exactly is this thing anyway!?
looks like v11.3 will be ready for wide release in about 2 weeks. many major improvements.
happy days tbh
true
thread on how safe tesla cars are
people on twitter should like more tweets in general!
nice
people still don’t get it
good for them
tanks are a deathtrap now. with neither side having air superiority, you’re left with infantry &amp; artillery – essentially ww1.
an actual jurassic park would be awesome
(jco was joking btw)
8 years later &amp; still no laws … 😢
twitter has at least 10 million wokeys
looking into it
this demands an explanation
the drone wars are already a big deal, but we ain’t seen nothing yet …
if i dig my grave deep enough, maybe it comes out other side of earth 🤔
great advice! 🤣🤣
some habits are hard to break lol. maybe i should just get bulletproof shoes …
hi tom!
true
ouch my feet!!
will do. he is a good bot.
joseph menn is a contemptible liar. twitter policy has always been to suspend accounts that clearly &amp; repeatedly incite violence.
journalists should do shots every time there is a negative article about me …
elon musk should
subtle, but i am beginning to suspect opinions differ on this matter … if not mccarthy, then seriously who?
sped up trip there &amp; back again
if it is ordered by the court, do we have any choice?
kevin mccarthy should be speaker
necessary to make life multiplanetary
it’s a new world. goodbye homework!
public likes &amp; non-public likes (aka bookmarks) should both be included in like count. bookmark button should be on main tweet view.
true.
interesting
seems like our image recognition needs some work!
certainly worth further investigation
12 months ago, i was person of the year
what has become of ?
please comment on this matter
good news
us govt agency demanded suspension of 250k accounts, including journalists &amp; canadian officials!
if you leave out contact information &amp; names of junior employees, then yes
please live-stream this on twitter spaces
would be worth it to see the video lulz
hey , what’s this?
sounds like it
another episode of the twitter files
that is extremely concerning!
ehrlich is mad as a hatter. he is someone who regards humanity as bad in and of itself – anti-human to the core.
correct
feels like we are at an inflection point
messed up!
shelby did his best to hold back spacex
penalized for making our suv too mass-efficient? that is bizarre.
maybe … maybe we do? 🤔
but how do they earn a profit? volume.
looking into it
bank branches &amp; atms too
setting new records in the backstroke 😂
she’s an insufferable moron with no credibility. just another relic of the fading legacy media.
would be great to have ron paul as part of the department of government efficiency!
it is certainly a big deal for anyone who cares about humanity’s future in space
exactly
he should investigate himself for being criminally incompetent 😂
concerning
congratulations, ronald of michigan!
hilarious if true 🤣
the legacy media has relentlessly promoted hate and division
exactly
good for jake
a lot of people still don’t believe me when i say that the dems will do everything in their power to destroy me if they win on nov 5th
we should leave the farmers alone. we farmers immense gratitude for making the food on our tables!
thank you everyone for subscribing to 𝕏 and supporting freedom of speech!
and to be clear, i have never asked for any favors, nor has he offered me any
i want no pay, no awards, no recognition or fancy title. i just want america to reach greater heights.
high problematic
this was so funny 🤣🤣
i’ve always loved video games
california needs comprehensive reform
a major factor for why ukraine was not overrun by russia is the starlink support i provided, at great risk to cyber &amp; physical attack by russian military forces. starlink is the backbone of ukrainian military communications at the front lines, because everything else
i have no problem being called gay tbh
💯 great idea!
it’s called highlights, but we should make that the default landing spot
dragon is awesome as a capsule architecture, but we need to move beyond that to rapidly reusable propulsive landers
hugh hewitt is right: there was election interference by the democrats in bucks county that was so serious that a judge ordered early voting to be extended several more days!
vote in person in bucks county! only 5 hours left.
vote for if you want humanity to make it to mars!
there is no logical purpose to starliner, given that nasa plans to deorbit space station in ~5 years
that is how the educational system programmed them to think
we should definitely increase nuclear power. no-brainer.
they will just ban this platform and anything else that allows true freedom of speech
so true 🤣🤣
basically, 69 days
i was born 69 days after 4/20 👻
69.420% is the prophecy and it will come true
they should change their name to dnn – disinformation news network!
i was just joking at the time, but fate loves irony 😂
the amount of dem propaganda is reaching unprecedented levels!
tesla fsd is now almost entirely ai
it is outrageous that our cities are not safe. will solve that.
electing is the path to becoming a multiplanet species
that is 100% likely
women are exceeding men in academia
the legacy media lies
this is a real article?
accurate
vance is great
well said
correct
cool
they should change their name to dnn - disinformation news network
correct
it was an interesting conversation. combustion rockets are the best way to get to mars in the short to medium term. there is perhaps some merit to a fission rocket shuttling between low earth orbit and low mars orbit, but chemical rockets are well-suited to getting to orbit,
cool
the trend away from legacy media continues
yeah
exactly
accurate
yeah
yup and here’s a pic my mom found to prove it! i was just 4 or 5 years old.
yeah
true
yeah
yeah
the diplomats want war and the soldiers want peace
well said
cool
yeah
they are importing voters
yeah. so far, it is the only one.
“the consortium relies on a core team of european subcontractors from all segments of the satcom ecosystem for the delivery of the scope of the concession contract: thales alenia space, ohb, airbus defence and space, telespazio, deutsche telekom, orange, hisdesat and thales six.”
true
cool
yeah
exactly
exactly
tragic
wow, this is happening fast
he went klepto and stole her glasses
he really does
that said, the republican vote is still ~558k better than 2020, when biden only won by ~80k, so it is still strongly trending towards a victory
there was a sudden jump in r vs d early votes in pennsylvania. the last 9 days are roughly: -9k, -9k, -7k,-2k, -5k,-1k, 0,+1k,-8k so the curve went from steadily trending towards republican to suddenly heavy democrat. very odd.
joe rogan is awesome. the big government censorship machine really wants to shut him down.
good point
yeah
crazy
the rate of improvement is awesome
great!
election interference by a foreign entity is a felony criminal violation
it’s uncanny 🤓
this is crazy
have they tried this amazing new drug called copium?
it’s unlikely, just not 0% probability
impressive survival skills
actually smart summon is 🔥🔥
he’s such an evil weasel
yeah
𝕏 is where you can learn what is real. legacy media lies licentiously.
the woke mind virus is not just real, but extremely quantifiable!
the new york times is pure propaganda
american justice ftw 🙌
“media matters” is evil incarnate
sure is
it’s crazy
yeah
respect the constitution!
awesome
thanks. spacex is xiii legion level good.
nice shot
this is it
nope
she will be fired soon
yeah
kimmel is as funny as a stale sandwich
that’s basically how rocket control theory works 🚀
that is a major factor
really has
every independent voter i know is voting for
anyone who claims that there is no cheating out of ~100 million votes about anything is obviously lying. the only question mark is magnitude.
exactly
yeah
epic moments
crazy
go figure 🤔
she’s cooked
yann lecan’t should stop talking 💩 about his boss 😂
unhinged mode 🤣🤣
dressing up as the national debt would be a terrifying costume 👻
let us know if you’ve been illegally fired for expressing your political views
the future should look like the future
we have an upside down system that makes it hard for highly talented people to come to america legally, but trivial for criminals to come here illegally. why is easier to get in illegally as a murderer than legally as a nobel laureate? &amp; doge will fix this.
cool
grok image previews coming soon to all platforms
is gonna win 🥇 wanna bet?
what’s going on ?
maybe he is! i hope so.
starlink will be good for the people
newspapers are legacy news. a relic of a bygone era.
exactly
it’s like magic
is the still pushing this too?
that describes human technological development to date. in the grand scheme of things, it probably does come down to what percentage of a solar system’s energy has been harnessed for intelligence. we currently round down to 0%.
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 true 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
the apple hq is an incredible work of art
cool
exactly
looks cool
great!
not bad
congrats team on the 200th successful starlink flight!
just show her this video explains everything
true
to think i grew up 2b bizniz magnet 🤩
yes, but we take a very cautious approach to safety. as we confirm functionality on canadian roads, the beta will expand.
will take of it
you may be in an area that is at maximum capacity. did spacex not provide an unsubscribe warning?
what should be developed on ethereum?
of 14m futures, 13.9m were simply death by boredom
how many futures are there actually?
stop giving away free eth! 🤣🤣
and yet people ask what could possibly go wrong with ai
fate loves irony
ethereum
malcolm ’s new book is 👌
starships on mars
damn haters
starship on the moon
we don’t buy advertising
where’s the proof!?
might be boring
physics is a set of compression functions for the simulation
it’s pretty much the only theory. this will mess with your mind:
sensors are for the weak. just go open loop.
so true
as sure as night follows day
once had a great dane named hamlet, because hamlet was a great dane
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid!
that’s them! schrödinger is neither here nor there.
not as far as i know
we have a big dog called gatsby, a little dog called marvin the martian &amp; a cat named schrödinger
quantum mechanics was harder than all my other courses combined, but so incredible
nvidia is a great company, but we needed (essentially) a dedicated asic for vision-based driving, whereas their solution needs to serve many different customer needs.
i think it will be something like that. much more productive to manage a fleet of robotaxis than only drive one taxi yourself.
21 tops for xavier. pegasus is just xavier with a power hog gpu on a separate board. problem is you can’t transfer data fast enough between computer &amp; gpu, so gpu usable tops is almost irrelevant.
exactly, tesla &amp; nvidia numbers described by pete were max *usable* teraops running our vision net
we’re working on it. takes time to get all regulatory approvals. almost there for the larger us states. at least 6 to 12 months for europe/uk.
certain regulatory agencies would beg to differ 🤣🤣
haha yes
it’s just me writing, so the foolish things i say are entirely my fault 😜
only see about 5% of mentions. no deep logic to those i answer. aspirationally useful, but often whimsical.
no, just preparing for untethered hover tests
tom is still an advisor to spacex, but semi-retired about 5 years ago &amp; doesn’t work on raptor. will heltsley heads propulsion overall, but raptor is a team effort. no single leader.
great work by tesla china team &amp; supporting contractors!
hoping to cover all of eastern europe this year
everyone knows
cramer is a simulation. he’s not real.
that’s odd. will look into it.
uk order page will go live around may 1 or 2
we will delay $1k full self-driving option price increase until may 10 for those unable to order by may 1
uk model 3 order page goes live next week, followed shortly thereafter by japan, australia, new zealand &amp; hong kong
cleantechnica summarizes new print cover story
haha
will be sentient, of course
range will be above 1000km
agreed, we’re ramping up service centers &amp; tesla mobile service worldwide
more like $1000, but varies by country due to big differences in tax
considering
as mentioned before, tesla full self-driving option price will increase after may 1. you can order online at
like blowing twigs too?
nope 😜
motor trend on model s updates
model s drives from san francisco to los angeles without recharging
strange but true
can order online in 2 mins for home delivery &amp; return in 7 days for full refund
new model s has 370 mile / 595 km range
perhaps the internet has some helpful suggestions?
can’t think of anything
someone else thought of an electric 🍁🍃🍂 blower first? what!?
we can probably just repurpose model 3 hvac parts. not a big deal.
true
long lasting battery + fast recharge &gt; pack swap
it’s been suggested by many, externally &amp; internally
maybe add a particulate filter on inlet
tesla is going to develop a quiet, electric leafblower
yeah, there was a major change in last several months. everyone noticed, fred. hello.
will do
absolutely
seriously
also, how did you manage to get shamed into being de facto anti-tesla by social media trolls. jeez …
fred, every fire *is* investigated. problem is those who only write about 0 injury tesla fires while ignoring fatal combustion car fires or fail to mention any contextual statistics in their article, misleading readers into thinking ev’s have high fire risk when opposite is true.
thanks, support super appreciated
sad if true 😔
when you read double standard articles about tesla, please ask why. maybe there’s a good reason that isn’t obvious.
reality is a tesla, like most electric cars, is over 500% *less* likely to catch fire than combustion engine cars, which carry massive amounts of highly flammable fuel. why is this never mentioned?
over a million combustion engine (it’s right there in the name!) car fires per year &amp; thousands of deaths, but one tesla car fire with no injuries gets biggest headlines. why the double standard? this is a real question.
those who predicted tesla &amp; evs would be dead &amp; autonomy would never happen are same people attacking tesla today for 6-12 month delays, while ignoring major automakers 5+ years late. why the double standard?
almost all coverage back then said hydrogen fuel cells would destroy electric cars &amp; autonomy was between 10 years &amp; never …
anti-matter def wins on energy density 🤣🤣
exactly. by end of this quarter, about half a million teslas will have full self-driving hardware (pending computer swap) &amp; we will make another half million fsd cars by mid next year.
as a robotaxi, probably closer to 16 hours, accounting for empty legs, travel to charger/cleaning/service, wait times, etc. ~30 mile penalty most likely imo over ~120 paid miles. impact is signicant for electricity cost, battery wear cost &amp; larger range pack needed.
over a quarter million gasoline vehicle fires per year in usa alone
anyone who did this analysis should interview at tesla
upgrading hardware is not important for a few months
is that a real billboard?
we’ll let the nn loose on track mode one day … that’ll be insane
reddit is hardcore. mostly correct analysis. comments so dark …
or maybe pegging
on yeah, that too
exactly. also, you can’t actually use computation from a separate gpu effectively, as you get choked on the bus, so most of the computation is irrelevant. high power, high cooling, but low true, usable tops. worst of all worlds.
full self-driving video
all model 3’s ever made can upgrade
warning, this presentation is 4 hrs &amp; 20 mins long
exactly
all cars made since oct 2016 either have the hardware needed for fsd or are trivially upgradeable
yeah, will post soon
it’s automatic
tesla full self-driving
happy home planet day!
full metal alchemy
love that movie!
actual tesla range is about 5 miles / 8 km past zero
coming soon
already have one
respawn++
never seen anything like it. tesla is just trying to make electric cars &amp; solar power for a better future for all. true, we might not succeed, but why do they want us to fail?
milady, my shield is yours
this is extremely messed up. , what’s going on?
we are very tiny
bach is killing it on youtube
i love your castle
ewe’re a winsome eyre
nice
back to work …
are you me or are you you?
my fav color is blue, no red, aaargh …
old ewe
it’s usb-c
it works great!
haha
i meant lämpe. where’s the edit function when you really need it!?
just wants a little lamp 💡
the etymology of metaphorical entomology
so cute
original moth meme
or a sheep
exactly
“wake up sheeple!” - sheep
🚀 propellant grade kerosene (basically, jet fuel) &amp; liquid oxygen are close, but h2 &amp; o2 are not
common shaft only works if optimal rpm is similar for fuel &amp; oxidizer
my twitter is pretty much complete nonsense at this point
like thug, but rural
switched souls with the museum of english rural lofe
but i’m just a simple sheep/ram
universe is big, but rendering complexity is not
sheep replicants
sheeps thank you 🙏
are you good with sheep?
i’m an absolute unit too
yeah, gave everything i had to tesla in dec 2008
it’s not a big deal. charge to 90% to 95% &amp; you’ll be fine. at 100% state of charge, regen braking doesn’t work, because the battery is full, so car is less energy efficient.
haha
rockets are not yet safe enough to fly over land
engines seem ok, pending inspection
it can, but the attachment fixtures are different from standard f9 &amp; they weren’t ready in time
winter in snowfall is so beautiful
i’m actually less crazy in person … or am i? 🤔
i was always crazy on twitter fyi
haha true. i actually love horses.
buying a car in 2019 that can’t upgrade to full self-driving is like buying a horse instead of a car in 1919
love just water btw
with steel membrane wings like a dragon, we may be able to lower starship’s orbital reentry temp to ~1000 degrees c, which would allow the whole surface to be uncooled bare metal
starship will land on a ring of fire
winter is coming
thinking about adding giant stainless steel dragon wings to starship
that tweet did take immense effort 🤣🤣 fair point tho. powerwall production is now ramping fast. tesla was cell-starved last year, so we had to switch all lines to make packs for cars, which meant powerwall production was living off scraps.
deal
please support my campaign to rebrand as 🧦 emoji!
at some point, and i should just a get a room …
just use this handy guide
good interview by
truth
exactly
how embarrassing. will change.
we will. you read it right.
haha true
i’ve always thought that the fundamental good of tesla should be measured by the number of years by which it accelerates the transition to sustainable transport &amp; energy
good point, small oil is a problem too
i’m sorry, fred, but wsj has relentlessly attacked tesla with bogus articles for over a decade. they can’t *all* be chalked up to poor reporting. where are the wsj exposé pieces on oil, coal &amp; gas? that industry is 1000 times bigger than tesla. perhaps they’re all angels …
yes, this was an utter boldface (literally) lie! unbelievable that wsj would write something so false.
true, bloomberg is almost as bad
holman jenkins &amp; wsj in general are sock 🧦 puppets of big oil
starship is kinda gundam
very much so. there are 2.5b cars &amp; trucks on earth. even replacing 1% of that fleet would require making 25m vehicles per year. tesla will make over 500k cars in next 12 months, but that’s a mere 2% of 25m or 0.02% of global vehicle fleet. car industry slow -&gt; demand &gt;&gt; supply.
sentry mode fundamentally empowers the individual car owner over entrenched interests, in this case a corrupt traffic judge. even tesla doesn’t have access to the video unless sent to us by owner.
mint berry crunch
poetic justice
boring candy coming soon …
mr buffett, please stop destroying dairy queen. in the name of all that is holy, please stop.
wow, a lot of people don’t know much about how manufacturing works! if you have peak capacity of x, actual average weekly output will necessarily be less than x. first 6-12 months, it will be much less than x. impossible to predict exact production ramp s-curve.
there is 35 gwh/yr “theoretical capacity”, but actual max output is ~2/3. it was physically impossible to make more model 3’s in q1 due to cell constraints.
yes, all cars with autopilot 2.0 or higher, so ~400,000 of tesla cars built to date
your interventions do train the nn, but we first verify that the training doesn’t cause other issues, so expect step rather than continuous changes in capability
there will be that too, but economics will favor initial purchase
hopefully have the order page live before then. if not, will push price change out a bit later.
not good enough yet. pushing release by a few weeks. will be amazing.
incorrect. pana cell lines at giga are only at ~24gwh/yr &amp; have been a constraint on model 3 output since july. no choice but to use other suppliers for powerwall/powerpack cells. tesla won’t spend money on more capacity until existing lines get closer to 35gwh theoretical.
tesla will start fsd computer upgrade in a few months
something like that
starting may 1
please note that the price of the tesla full self-driving option will increase substantially over time
coming this year
lease a tesla online in a few mins &amp; have it delivered to your house (return within 7 days for full refund)
cryptocurrency is my safe word
model 3 drive unit &amp; body is designed like a commercial truck for a million mile life. current battery modules should last 300k to 500k miles (1500 cycles). replacing modules (not pack) will only cost $5k to $7k.
cool
on april 22, investor autonomy day, tesla will free investors from the tyranny of having to drive their own car
that would be cool to do one day
other automakers change prices constantly &amp; substantially by varying rebates &amp; discounts according to negotiating strength of buyer. tesla is transparent &amp; consistent.
so if we raise prices in the future, will you cut tesla a check? can’t have it both ways.
ahem rhd
lhd order page should be live within a few weeks. deliveries start hopefully june/july.
coming this year
good point
leasing now available for model 3
samwise
this is true. they each have avionics, several nitrogen thrusters &amp; steerable parachutes.
♥️🚀💫 spacex team 💫🚀♥️
made on earth by humans
recovered from water, but undamaged
thanks on behalf of team! we ♥️♥️♥️ !
liquid oxygen
the falcons have landed
. team would be so honored to fly this for !
haha exactly
upper atmospheric wind shear is very high. will have to postpone launch unless weather improves soon.
haha sure sounds like it
probably something notable to announce in a few months
i hope a cybernetic interface is ready in time. symbiosis, irrelevance (hopefully blissful) or doom seem to be the three most likely paths.
actually true
found a pic
first flight for falcon heavy block 5 means there is some risk of failure between 5% to 10% imo. many good design improvements from falcon heavy demo, but the changes are unproven.
i first read this as making wind with 🧀
norway has already proven it could be done last month. no question australia could do this in far fewer than 11 years.
. copy 🐈
no, it’s better
building primary structure completion seems on track for may, but then it will take several months to install &amp; activate factory equipment
love brunel. great first name too.
mobile can do it no problem
what city?
two, independent system-on-chip architecture, with each soc having two nn accelerators that can perform simultaneous health-check calculations to protect against a soft error
yes. working through regulatory approvals.
time flies
any user input counts
car looks for a slightly turning force on wheel (direction is irrelevant) to confirm that driver hands are on steering wheel before initiating lane change. just a precautionary measure until we have a few billion miles/km of real-world lane changes with reliability &gt;&gt; human.
it will enable video when parked &amp; connected to wifi. all tesla superchargers will have free wifi over time.
you’re welcome. thanks for your great photos!
yeah, i’d love to do that
good idea
definitely
already fixed
to make core ap more affordable
that would be cool. color variation causes havoc though.
team is working on international versions super hard btw. unfortunately, regulators around the world have different rules &amp; processes, so just takes time.
tesla enhanced summon coming out in us next week for anyone with enhanced autopilot or full self-driving option
almost done
are you on mad max mode? this may be too meek for places like the la freeway …
sure
exactly
base ap will have same nn, so core functionality also improves
many different regulatory authorities. just takes time.
latest autopilot update is epic. rolling out to all us owners with enhanced autopilot or full self-driving option. international coming soon.
starhopper just lifted off &amp; hit tether limits!
max thrust of 2550 tons will be almost 10% higher than falcon heavy demo mission last year
static fire data looks good so far. this is first launch of falcon heavy block 5, so we’re being extra cautious. launch date might move.
exactly
“…drivers in this dataset use autopilot for 34.8% of their driven miles, and yet appear to maintain a relatively high degree of functional vigilance.”
hi nina! so … how many £ would it take? just between us.
stay positive 🧁
good point
how much is it?
i think i’ve paid for a subscription at least three times, but your paywall keeps forgetting this
please fix your paywall. your content is great, but your paywall is not.
yes, instead of someone needing to drive their car personally, they can manage a fleet of self-driving cars
that’s exactly the idea. what’s not well understood is that tesla cars being made *today* will be able to do that for you. just a matter of finishing the software &amp; going through regulatory approval. will be explained in depth via live webcast on april 22.
thanks 😀
great work with stripe btw. much needed.
i’m told it’s looking positive &amp; we will be allowed to continue servicing our cars in texas
sentry mode is barely at v1.0. will improve a lot in coming months.
impressive analysis
only external cameras are being used right now, so internal is not enabled. when it is enabled, we’ll add a setting to disable internal camera.
also, it can be used to supplement cameras on outside of vehicle, as it can see through 2nd side windows &amp; rear window.
it’s there for when we start competing with uber/lyft &amp; people allow their car to earn money for them as part of the tesla shared autonomy fleet. in case someone messes up your car, you can check the video.
will take care of it
improvements coming soon
yes, needs to drive best clear path. lane lines are just one input.
great name 👍
neural net is upgraded too in this release. it’s not just a settings change.
totally agree. tesla phone app should have all controls that car center screen has, so your phone can serve as a complete backup.
starhopper completed tethered hop. all systems green.
glad you like it! sorry about the trouble earlier. helpful feedback for improving the car!
this is way more awesome than it might sound
night mode default brightness is actually too high imo. should be lower &amp; allow below current “0%” level. making that adjustment too.
agreed
night mode with 0% brightness is actually too dark during the day. this is ultimately our fault. we will update our software so that 0% brightness is always usable relative to ambient conditions.
change your screen preference from night mode to auto
fur-curious
these rumors are untrue!
responsible for more deaths than any other chemical! weirdly, dihydrogen dixoxide, with only one extra oxygen, is not good to drink, but great for changing hair color.
obv just someone in a 🐿 suit. also, very sus that a 🦊 is reporting on this.
dogecoin value may vary
uh oh
dogecoin might be my fav cryptocurrency. it’s pretty cool.
some challenges with ice formation in the cryogenic propellant prevalves. hopefully overcome soon.
what could possibly go wrong?
you’re so right. working on it!
that car seemed so advanced when i watched that show as a kid! ♥️ knight industries two thousand
and even tinier ones for tardigrades
going forward, all tesla stores will be tiny &amp; have tiny cars
meant to say young, but spelled it wrong
ironic stan
if 🤖 can do this, what can’t they do!?
solid work by keen, as usual
♥️🇳🇴 norway 🇳🇴♥️
seems fair
some people use their hair to express themselves, i use twitter
making the onion articles real …
duck emoji ftw
final edit was on ableton
surprisingly difficult to address false positives with rain. system would go nuts trying to wipe away non-existent rain, which was obv ineffective.
jung
we’ve been so mired in production &amp; logistics for past 18 months. really looking fwd to getting semi into production.
pre-happy birthday!
amazing work by tesla delivery teams, especially in europe &amp; china! most insane logistics challenge i’ve ever seen. thanks also to many country &amp; city officials for your help this weekend! super appreciated.
coming soon!
this might be my finest work
duck emoji defeats emo g records. crushing victory.
i’m disappointed that my record label failed
instagram comments are coding in emojis
also true
true
the quality of emojis varies wildly
lame
c++ syntax sucks
assert (“money” == series of heterogeneous databases insecurely connected with high latency. primary purpose == information system for allocation of human time. as automation++, value of money--);
even connectivity at my house in silicon valley sucks!
like the movie us. scary … but also empathetic.
no, but for sure the other way around!
also the intense low frequency vibrations that you can’t hear, but you can feel in your chest
we’re going to try. side boosters come back to cape, center core lands on droneship. latter will be coming in v hot &amp; fast, so dicey.
annoying that perpetuates myth that delta iv heavy or atlas v can do some orbits that falcon heavy can’t. this is absolutely false. fh would have to go full expendable for geo direct, but that’s very rare.
probably no fairing either &amp; just 3 raptor vacuum engines. mass ratio of ~30 (1200 tons full, 40 tons empty) with isp of 380. then drop a few dozen modified starlink satellites from empty engine bays with ~1600 isp, mr 2. spread out, see what’s there. not impossible.
retrofits will start when our software is able to take meaningful advantage of the tesla fsd computer, which is an order of magnitude more capable. for now, it’s slightly disadvantageous to have tesla fsd computer, as our software is more refined for hw2.
anyone who bought fsd will get it
anyone who purchased full self-driving will get fsd computer upgrade for free. this is the only change between autopilot hw2.5 &amp; hw3. going forward “hw3” will just be called fsd computer, which is accurate. no change to vehicle sensors or wire harness needed. this is v important.
yes. sensitive propulsion &amp; avionics remained dry. great work by spacex dragon engineering team. major improvement over dragon 1.
massive delta velocity slam from highly elliptical earth orbit using a fully retanked, but lightened up starship with no heat shield or fins/legs. best choice for the impatient. ion engines are too slow.
we should send probes to outer solar system &amp; get high res, true color images of these strange things. maybe there’s an alien artifact out there …
super cool!
good point
tax authorities tend to interpret things in their favor, but it sure sounds like you could be right! will investigate.
rare use case, but it is possible. there are complications with this. eary prototype roadsters had this ability.
exactly
no, it is one week either way.
i think so. for sure worth giving it our best shot! would be great to have a competitive, commercial program to build a moon base that is outcome-oriented (not cost-plus), so you only get paid for safe delivery of cargo.
it would be so inspiring for humanity to see humanity return to the moon!
12,000 lbs!? how puny. do you construct children’s toys?
that’s exactly it. you’re no longer mentally fatigued after a long drive. makes a major difference to your happiness level commuting home from work after a long day.
good point
hard to appreciate how much tesla autopilot improves enjoyment of driving until you try it
yes, otherwise propellant usage for an atmospheric entry would be very high and/or center of mass would need to be very tightly constrained. yes, but we’re going to skip that at first to avoid fragging launch pads.
glad you like it! navigate on autopilot hopefully approved for europe soon.
thank you!
will do
ford has 4 ceos in 5 years &amp; nobody blinks, but tesla loses 1 intern &amp; it’s front page news. i tell ya (shakes fist at sky) …
it’s possible to make a self-sustaining city on mars by 2050, if we start in 5 years &amp; take 10 orbital synchronizations
you’re most welcome! glad to be helpful.
only when y is in production
every car company is constantly changing prices, but nobody cares
import tariffs, vat &amp; transport costs
to be clear, this doesn’t affect tesla website order prices. existing inventory prices are currently slightly lower than on website. this will bring them in line.
to be precise, midnight on april 1, so effective april 2
please note prices on all tesla inventory cars worldwide rise by ~3% on april 1
about to be upgraded to chromium
reset
sentry mode options will be: always exclude home exclude work exclude saved locations ask off
if someone has already won a roadster from a prior program, they’re only eligible to win the signed performance y
sounds like a good idea
how to win the boss fight in sekiro
no, it’s cumulative, but once you win one of the prizes, referral count resets to zero &amp; you can’t win that prize again. intent over time is to enable those without a massive social media presence to win.
agreed, you can only win each prize once
you’re welcome!
new tesla referral program just released
why uh yes we comprehensive statistics that go deep &amp; wide
me too! he was so great. loved colbert report too.
jim cramer explains short-seller market manipulation
jim can’t take the heat
jim, no response?
exactly
best to get a tesla powerwall, so you can power your house &amp; also drive
probably start australia builds in late may or june &amp; start arriving in winter
coming soon
yes, full duration
white-hot parts reached orbital entry temp of around 1650 kelvin
falcon rocket booster is aluminum-lithium &amp; carbon fiber, which have low max temperature allowables. super heavy booster is stainless steel. since it only goes to around mach 8 or 9, moreover at high altitude, it needs no heat shield, not even paint.
transpiration cooling will be added wherever we see erosion of the shield. starship needs to be ready to fly again immediately after landing. zero refurbishment.
no straight path for hot gas to accelerate through the gaps
testing starship heatshield hex tiles
hexagonal tiles on most of windward side, no shield needed on leeward side, transpiration cooling on hotspots
only some of the hottest sections
full size
we decided to skip building a new nosecone for hopper. don’t need it. what you see being built is the orbital starship vehicle.
you can deep throttle on single shaft system by choking flow of fuel or oxygen between pump &amp; combustion chamber. problem is more with the tiny rocket engine that powers the pump, called a gas generator. that has to throttle *way* deeper than the main chamber.
working on regulatory approval for both boca chica, texas, and cape kennedy, florida. will also be building starship &amp; super heavy simultaneously in both locations.
agreed
raptor is *very* complex, even for a staged combustion engine. we’re simplifying as much as possible with each iteration. throttling down to ~50% is hard, but manageable. going to 25% would be extremely tough, but hopefully not needed.
started rolling it out a few days ago. always starts slow, find rare corner case issues, fix them, continue rollout …
hopefully. always many issues integrating engine &amp; stage. first hops will lift off, but only barely.
first (really short) hops with one engine. suborbital flights with three.
goes against interests of all texans
wow, this is crazy
if someone really wants to return the car in good faith on day 8, that’s fine
to be clear, orders are fully refundable, even after you’ve had your tesla for a week
reminder to buy our s3xy cars before midnight on monday! prices rise slightly worldwide on tuesday. you can order online at
definitely down the road, once construction &amp; upgrades aren’t so crazy
this causes some media confusion, as batch builds &amp; ship arrival times can make our sales seem incredible one month &amp; terrible following month, but consumer tastes don’t actually vary so much. massive month over month changes are usually because of production/shipping schedules.
not exactly same time, as countries have different regulations &amp; we try to build in batches to simplify production
might arrive by june, but def before end of summer
model 3 partial permanent magnet induction motor, especially with silicon carbide inverter, is so efficient that it outdoes two induction motors. if we could decouple forward induction motor to avoid spin losses, then range of dual might be higher, but that’s a lot of complexity.
exactly! in fact, better to have rwd with winter tires than awd with summer tires. we appreciate the extra expenditure if people do buy awd, but it isn’t critical for snowy regions.
still get this question a lot, even though norway 🇳🇴 has highest tesla cars per person on 🌏 (super appreciated!). also, awd is nice to have, but def not required for snow/ice.
about a minute in, we flashed a teaser pic of tesla cyberpunk truck
end titles from blade runner played after model y webcast cut
designed to feel much bigger on inside than it looks on outside. an incredibly important principle.
there was something, but no one caught it
it also feels way bigger on the inside than it appears on the outside
would love to be there this year. if not, definitely next! 💛 india 💛
yeah
exactly!
london to beijing supercharger route
worth watching revenge of the electric car. covers rebirth of electric cars in general. has footage before &amp; after we started production of our first car.
the hardest joke ever
with pie 🥧
long-term, it’s about coupling the collective will of humanity to ai. short-term, it’s about improving the lives of those with brain or spine problems.
next software update will increase storm watch sensitivity. you’re right, it’s currently too low.
plug in a usb drive to record video
comes with 2019.8, which finishes validation this week
our “list” prices are our actual prices. software (and automotive) vary prices frequently by changing the discount or rebate.
sure, that would be great
sure
correct
that’s the plan
of course
in retrospect, lower price shouldn’t have been offered. was done so because some simply couldn’t afford it. prices revert to normal on monday.
however, this obviously cannot be discussed with entire global stores team beforehand or news would leak
we are still closing stores, just not as many as before. this basically splits the difference — about half as many stores closed, but then can afford only about half the price reduction. was discussed with exec team &amp; board.
when prices go down, those who already bought want the lower price, but, if prices go up, those who already bought don’t want to write tesla a check. so it goes.
those prices will revert to normal on monday too
applies worldwide
tesla car prices go up ~3% next week, except for $35k model 3. order online at before then for current prices.
couldn’t resolve all the rights issues. will add another racing game soon.
yeah, it might break
software release later this week should make it better
true (sigh)
true
probably right. starship rate of progress far exceeds falcon &amp; dragon, although they’re critical to getting there. dinnovation/dt is what matters long-term.
for cargo missions, propulsive land landing should be no problem. doesn’t have same safety criticality as crew.
pretty much any moon or planet that has a solid or liquid surface
most likely, but this is contingent upon nasa review &amp; approval
best to use a giant brake pad, aka heat shield
dragon 2 was designed to land using thrusters, with parachutes as backup. switched to chutes as primary, due to difficulty of proving safety, but dragon can still do it.
raptor on way to hopper. will be mounted to vehicle next week.
nk-33 &amp; rd 170/180 are exceptional
thank you on behalf of spacex! we have always admired your rocket/spacecraft technology.
thank you on behalf of the people of spacex!
all good, system maintained room temperature within spacecraft
phenolic impregnated carbon ablator, version 3
atmospheric entry at 17,000 mph is like a meteor &amp; will vaporize steel. burn marks below are on cold side. main heatshield on bottom.
yes, invitations go out tomorrow
getting rid of peak power splitting across two bays &amp; updated software with battery warmup results in &gt;2x improvement in fleet charge time
we will spend 3 or 6 months with public beta of v3 in north america, make sure there are no corner case issues &amp; then begin buildout worldwide.
latest software improves tesla supercharger times by up to 25% for all tesla s/x/3 worldwide, incl original 2012 model s. not splitting power across 2 supercharger stalls helps all cars up to 50%.
extremely important merch
net power to warm pack is especially low when motors are running, as coolant loop routes motor heat to the pack when outside is cold (&amp; rejects motor heat to air when outside is warm)
ukraine did play a major role
very little power &amp; only right before you get to the supercharger. you won’t notice it in range.
russia has excellent rocket engineering &amp; best engine currently flying. reusable version of their new angara rocket would be great.
thanks, that sounds great!
you’re most welcome. very proud of tesla team. super tough 15 years!
oh stop, you’ll make me blush ☺️
yeah, i lift a little …
tesla comms is fixing. that was a mistake.
so cute!
gap in understanding is that $35k model 3 production *starts* this month, but will not reach volume production until mid year. extremely difficult to predict middle part of manufacturing s-curve.
no, just literally having toast &amp; jam while playing jamming
having toast &amp; jam in kitchen while playing jamming by bob marley
yes. personally, i’m most excited by the tesla truck. maybe it will be too futuristic for most people, but i love it.
yes, anyone will be able to take videos
i believe so
slightly higher drag * slightly higher frontal area affects air friction &amp; mass affects rolling resistance &amp; hill climb. physics is the law.
detailed specs &amp; pricing will be provided, as well as test rides in y
model y, being an suv, is about 10% bigger than model 3, so will cost about 10% more &amp; have slightly less range for same battery
model y unveil event on march 14 at la design studio
first public tesla v3.0 supercharger station goes live wed 8pm
spacex team in hawthorne control, dragon docked to station above
spacex crew dragon has docked with international
yes, she would be able to breathe
proximity docking sequence underway. dragon shadow visible on on solar arrays.
one day we will be there to see for ourselves
something like this could work
everyone knows earth is hollow
i am not a dog. here’s a pic of me:
model s will be raised to 162mph too
thank you. may you have good luck and godspeed with your spacecraft!
thank you on behalf of spacex. also, thank you to , without whom this would not be possible.
power will increase on all cars. top speed on 3p increases to 162mph. range on rwd 3 increases to 325 miles.
yes, new cars and existing fleet
firmware update coming later this month will increase power by ~5% &amp; top speed by 10 km/h or 7mph
thank you on behalf of the many people of spacex
lightning bolt right before launch
need to get back to spacex launch control. sorry this solution isn’t perfect.
we’re trying to make evs &amp; autonomy more affordable over time. this is the right thing to do. however, we cannot then also retroactively make earlier buyers whole without killing the company.
will take a few days for system update
yeah, we need a few days to update the system. if anyone already paid $3k, they should get $1k back.
it’s not exactly symmetric, but it will come with hw3 upgrade long-term
if you bought enhanced autopilot, fsd upgrade costs $2k instead of $5k
if you bought a tesla before yesterday’s price reduction, you can have autopilot or full self-driving at half normal cost (up to $6k less)
he is the sensor!
nope, he’s going to float around in zero gravity
happy birthday!
yeah, just use a dryer outlet. high power, easy to install &amp; low cost.
explanation from tesla later today
haha
ripley
exactly
no reductions from here
for sure. it fundamentally improves quality of life.
best choice for most people is standard range plus with autopilot
exact tesla model 3 in my profile pic costs $35k before incentives &amp; takes 1 minute to buy online at
i think we should do something here. will talk with team &amp; send out a note in next few days.
should be ~5% peak power increase with march 15 software release
scheduled for march 15 release, along with many other improvements
everyone who bought enhanced autopilot will get navigate on autopilot on highways, advanced summon &amp; autopark
epic
the second trump presidency will be the most fun america has had in a while. it’s gonna be awesome! 😎
genius-level trolling!!
jd vance is a good, smart man. just a great human being.
much appreciated, my friend!
this is so awesome 😎
😂💯 one of my favorite things about him! i love trolling too.
it was an outrage
this is just the beginning. my guess is that there will be as many starlink direct to cell phone satellites as there are for our high bandwidth terminals. as a rough rule of thumb, however, bandwidth will be ~1/10th as high for phones vs a dedicated starlink antenna (physics
true. i think winning makes a big difference in humanity getting to mars and making life multiplanetary. this might one day save life as we know it.
great kid
yeah!!!
community notes wins again
the 2024 pennsylvania republican vs democrat vote is now over 500k better than the same day in 2020, when biden’s victory margin was only 80k! moreover, yesterday there were more republican early votes than democrat. pennsylvania will be a decisive republican victory.
exactly!
corruption of science
true
it’s totally insane.
the mind-blowing thing is no identification to vote whatsoever, not even a library card, is required in the gray states!
all of her statements below are demonstrably false
disconcerting
agreed. i guess starlink could offer that directly too.
weird
jaywalking in ny is normal, so probably shouldn’t be illegal, but that is a weird reason to make it legal
exactly. that is their stated goal. every leading democrat has said that they want expedited citizenship for illegals. that would flip every swing state to blue and america would become a one-party state, like california.
if he hadn’t gotten bailed out by amazon, his company would be dead already
that’s weird. someone had to type in those very precise numbers.
concerning
what’s going on ?
that’s illegal
what a travesty
indeed
congratulations! insane that the “democratic” party was suing to allow non-citizens to vote …
certainly deserves careful investigation
mac battery life is impressive
outrageous
well, then it should be implemented, given that we live in a democracy
absolutely
good progress
just 2.42% to go and the prophecy will be fulfilled 😂
appreciate the kind words
trending well, but we should never be complacent. drag everyone you know to vote on nov 5th.
indeed
we are investigating this
buzz aldrin endorses he gets it
i recommend following catherine herridge for sound investigative reporting on 𝕏
the woke mind virus is very real and measurable
freudian slip
so many times. the dems just keep pushing the “fine people” hoax even though they know they’re lying. and people believe it.
wow, this is insane propaganda
ai art is incredible and will be only more so
i kinda like my trauma cage
absolutely
this is next-level crazy
shameful
seems very shady
thanks for signing our petition in support of the constitution!
congratulation, wayne of georgia!
it’s criminal
they will be out of a job soon
republican early votes now exceed democrat votes in new jersey, normally a democrat-leaning state!
not bad for a human
69.420% coming soon
how insane is it that the biden-harris administration is suing states to keep non-citizens on their voter rolls?
very much so
was someone really sent to prison for 3 years for posting substantively accurate information?
we don’t use patents offensively, so anyone is welcome to copy us
true
if you are aware of any election integrity issues, please report them to the 𝕏 election integrity community
unlike the dems, actually did not target his political opponents when he was president for 4 years!
i suspect that not many amish are on this platform, but maybe someone can convey our appreciation of their support 🙏
cool
super talented &amp; cool team !
seriously
great idea
biden just called half of america ‘garbage’
it was a super positive energy crowd!
it’s great, as the public gets to understand what trump and vance are really like without the legacy media negativity filter
insulting half the country
what a jerk!
what an awful thing to say about a majority of american!
terrible
exciting times!
whoa
it’s true
vote for
is this for real?
closer is better
those are the two key numbers
nice
true
😂 not far from actual reality
independent/swing voters are overwhelmingly on this platform
great!
maybe some non swing states can be won too
big upgrade to community notes!
we are working on it
congrats !
cool
extremely troubling
documentary of . you can watch the whole thing on 𝕏!
extremely troubling
yeah
why are they doing this?
cool
patch is unstable
yeah
well said by
exactly
great
cool
i look at x every day 😂
that there are trump/vance signs at all in sf is encouraging
cool
yeah
yeah
yeah
vote right now and bring everyone you know!
the republican lead in north carolina almost doubled from yesterday! rumor has it that the kamala campaign is shifting resources to shore up virginia, which means they’re worried about losing virginia. let’s make even the blue states red!
cool
it’s even worse in most other countries
this is the last day you can request an absentee ballot in pennsylvania. moreover, you can hand it in immediately in person, so it never touches the mail. please bring anyone you know to vote today!
catherine herridge exposes government corruption
this is outrageous!
the new york times is a threat to our democracy
grok is great at math
yes, this election is a fork in the road of destiny
the big machine has been and will fight like hell. it will try to kill me and others. obviously, it has already tried to kill president trump twice. and the legacy media is shamelessly urging this on with full gusto, because they are part of the machine.
good riddance
for sure!
you can see the evil oozing out of nuland
whoa
reply with “the new york times is a danger to our democracy”
one of several benefits
“the party of tolerance”. more like dem are the party of violent abuse.
cool
yeah
we should have giant space stations
true, ray was remarkably accurate
i had $2500 in canadian travelers checks, one bag of clothes and one bag of books
cool
nuland &amp; kagan are both awful people
china’s space program is very impressive
so bogus
important to send links to friends &amp; relatives overseas so that they know what’s really going on
yeah
wow, 14 years!
nuts
however bad the anti-trump propaganda is in the us, it is actually even crazier overseas! people in most countries still think the news is real.
great!
cool
coming soon
that will be fixed soon
cool
the new boeing ceo spends time in the factory and understands engineering, which are big improvements. hopefully, he turns around a once great company.
yeah
yeah
try submitting x-ray, pet, mri or other medical images to grok for analysis. this is still early stage, but it is already quite accurate and will become extremely good. let us know where grok gets it right or needs work.
aoc was like murdered like 17 times at least
they had a plan to match 100k, but not 200k
it will work out well in the end
exactly
the right choice is clear as day
this will happen in america unless trump wins
wow, that’s insane
tell me about it 🤣🤣
awesome
true
true 🥰
truly massive
cybertruck can beat a porsche 911 while towing a porsche 911!
very much so
it was a great event. so much positive energy!
fetterman seems to be his own man
haha exactly
a few things
when you put it that way 😬
great question
of course
cool
yeah
there is a reason why it is the first amendment
perfect response 😂
cool
yeah
cable porn
great hat
sounds about right
media matters is a radical left propaganda machine
it’s not like i don’t want those things
it should better represent the people of america
their campaign is melting 🫠
write your thoughts on 𝕏!
good for
yeah
she’s evil
hour 2 would have been a meltdown. i just literally can’t even imagine what hour 3 would be.
interesting
good movie
power to the people!
good clarification. i would definitely watch that podcast. hour 2 would be 🫠
awesome
full episode of &amp; available on 𝕏! youtube experienced some uh … technical difficulties 🙄
nuland is a despicable warmonger for whom lying is the same as breathing. she should be prosecuted for war crimes.
too many social media “trust &amp; safety” teams who are marinating in woke sauce
shocker
the cycle repeats again: 1. it’s not happening 2. ok, it’s happening 3. it’s happening and that’s good 4. use government to force it to happen
yeah
we will add a parenthetical “not” right before department, so that way it is: “not-a-department of government efficiency” problem solved! 🤣🤣
quite frankly, i just want das who put hardened criminals in prison, so that they cannot prey upon innocent people!
the resemblance is uncanny
super nice crowd
tim walz is the clown emoji come to life 🤡
yeah
congratulations, jordan of michigan!
that’s a lot
needs to be done
lmaooo
the legacy news media is having a collective mental breakdown 🤣🤣
massive vibe shift
cool
yeah
i’m wondering the same thing
for sure
it’s inevitable 😂
this platform is the source of news on earth!
that said, there are still far more d than r early votes! it’s just that the in-person r vote on election day is historically far higher than d. please bring everyone you know to early vote. you can request &amp; hand in your ballot in person at your county office. tomorrow is the
power to the people!
always was
early votes in pennsylvania now show republicans doing 435k better than democrats vs the same date in 2020. biden’s margin of victory was only 80k in 2020. trending towards a crushing victory.
true
the new york times is a threat to our democracy
cool
yeah
cool
discussion with the neurosurgeon community
maybe, but it will definitely be extremely helpful in improving understanding of the brain
accurate
early stage, yes, but only limited help is possible for late stage alzheimer’s, as there there is too much neuronal loss
this hoax was repeated by kamala in the debate with trump even though she knows it’s a hoax
i am increasingly convinced that should prioritize making an implant that can eliminate back &amp; neck pain. would greatly improve people’s happiness while awake, as well as enhance quality of sleep.
yeah
for sure
super impressive
i super agree!
importing future voters is by far the most competent program in the biden-harris administration
52% of legal immigrants being on welfare is surprisingly high
yeah. it’s fine for writers to do so (and they have at wapo), but not the whole company.
nobody cares who wapo endorses 😂 the writers are mostly insufferable, radical leftists and everyone knows it. sounds like some of the worst have left the paper, which is good.
yeah
yeah
exactly
it’s a big deal
much appreciated
absolutely
they sure did
impressive level of trolling
whoa
unhinged
arizona, nevada &amp; north carolina all showing a massive shift towards republican now vs 2020
interesting
soon to become a 200k h100/h200 training cluster in a single building
interesting
this is messed up. vote republican in nevada!
actual size of illegal migration is 25% higher than the recent number published by the biden-harris administration!
unreal
pennsylvania voter registration data from last week just came in and republican registrations exceeded democrat by 85%!! gop +36,507 dem +19,774
democrats are the corpo stooge party
total opposite of reality
yeah
alphabet (google/youtube) is the biggest donor to the democratic party
there is massive far left censorship at google/youtube
the legacy media is just a propaganda arm of the “democratic” party
it’s a tesla shirt, but refers to the foundation books by asimov
yeah
not just capacity, there were over 70k people in the streets outside msg to show support!
yeah
no. put “never went to therapy” on my gravestone.
nice work by the team
true
yeah
yeah
indeed it will 🚀🚀
it was full to the rafters – every seat in the house – and there were over 70,000 people just standing in support in the streets around msg. the movement is massive!!
crazy
exactly
fear of abortion bans?
will get 69.420%, as foretold in the prophecy
yeah
congratulations nancy of arizona!
hell yeah!!
a clean sweep is possible if we fight hard for votes every day. will post daily stats of 2024 swing state early votes compared to 2020.
yeah
google and microsoft control almost 100% of the web search market
not for long. we are getting done in months what took everyone else years.
ever wondered about the overton window?
accurate
exactly
i would have preferred to stick to cars &amp; mars, but it was necessary to safeguard civilization
absolutely true
epic
grok now understands images, even explaining the meaning of a joke. this is an early version. it will rapidly improve.
in any given conflict, there are 2 easy ways to tell which side are the good guys: 1. who treats their prisoners of war well? 2. who has the best sense of humor?
to the stars
it was epic
this needs to be investigated!
crazy
extremely troubling
wow, msnbc is utter scum of the earth
imagine an all-powerful woke ai
foundation -&gt; terminus
⚔️🇺🇸⚔️ battttle cryyyy ⚔️🇺🇸⚔️
let’s goooo!!!!
it does
contemptible
at the / rally at madison square garden!
strange how the right is now the friendly, tolerant party and the left is vitriolic
the legacy broadcast networks are using public spectrum, but act as an extension of the democratic party. no more free lunch for them.
epic
thanks “thanos’ little helper” 😂
good for the mayor!
great
a lot people still believe the trump/russia hoax and have no idea that the steele dossier was a scam funded by hillary’s campaign
true 🔥🔥🇺🇸🇺🇸
for a second there, i read it as lsd 😂
absolutely
i forgetting he’s prez &amp; so does he 🤣🤣
fetterman just spittin’ facts! good man.
for sure. obviously doesn’t make sense to count known fraudulent ballots. what the heck is going?
absolutely
let that sink in!
watch the conversation with joe rogan
yeah
let’s turn even the blue states red!
and they don’t even realize how big the loss will be yet
nope
fermi was great
yup, it’d be a 3 hr train wreck
most important message of the night is to get everyone you know to vote and vote now! there is always some chance of a work or personal emergency or some external factor on nov 5th that prevents people from voting.
and give responsibility for streamlining legal immigration management to a competent company, as the bureaucracy is utterly broken. it is literally easier for a serial killer to get into america than a nobel prize winner!
bill maher still can’t believe the magnitude of the illegal voter importation program under biden-harris even though the data is unequivocal. there have been high triple digit increases in illegals in all swing states over the course of only three years!! that’s insane!! it is
good idea
anomalies in the matrix were needed
they are truly desperate
write your thoughts &amp; observations here!
they have already lost and they know it. but they don’t yet realize the magnitude of the loss. crushing defeat is coming for them.
the left left us behind
purely organic 🤷‍♂️😂
as it should
citizen journalism is infinitely superior
it’s just not fair
thanks 🙏
i was on a j-1 visa that transitioned to an h1-b. they know this, as they have all my records. losing the election is making them desperate.
they are. dems are now over 300k votes behind where they were in pennsylvania in 2020, when the margin of victory was only 80k. cooked.
but all the legacy (formerly “mainstream”) media said there was no fraud. they lied.
unbearable
chuck norris level
exactly
the sumerians crushed it on firsts
that thought did cross my mind 🤣
cooked
exactly
there is a million dollar giveaway every day through november 5th just for signing a petition in support of the constitutional rights to free speech and bear arms!
biden’s puppetmasters are at fault. he is just the puppet who talks the words on the teleprompter.
it is a financial emergency
common sense
yeah (sigh)
time to clean house
nbc is an expert at disinformation, since they make so much of it!
biden is dying before our eyes. it is harrowing to see 😳
i wish they had gone with human brains as an energy-efficient compute substrate, which is vague plausible. the matrix is a great movie, but i was literally rofl when they pulled out a duracell battery 🤣🤣
just listen to what she says and how she says it
good collation
legacy journalism is dead
it’s crazy
many starships will go to mars in 2 years, when the transit window opens again. the first wave will be without people and the second wave, 26 months later, with people, provided the first wave does not increment the crater count on mars.
yeah
the dems are in favor of importing voters who are beholden to them and against allowing legal immigrants who would probably vote against them. simple matter of incentives.
fate does love irony. he does kinda look younger, but skin tone is disturbingly translucent.
what’s the worst that could happen? 😬
kardashev or bust, baby!!
the sun is ~99.8% of the entire mass of the solar system. jupiter and saturn are ~0.2% and everything else is a rounding error. moreover, the sun is &gt;99.99% of energy output! everything else combined is an inaudible background noise.
the truth will set you free
they are evil
i was in fact allowed to work in the us. the biden puppet is lying.
great idea
so now he cares about illegals 🤣🤣
massive increases in illegals in swing states during the biden-harris administration
thank you for posting this to your followers 🙏
going on stage in pennsylvania again tonight!
they’re getting desperate
don’t just open the overton window, knock down the whole damn wall!
yeah
false. the german economy leading up to and during ww2 was extremely state-directed. indeed, to such a degree that it greatly undermined the war effort. ww1 germany was head &amp; shoulders better. government in general is incredibly inefficient. it is the dmv at scale. only when
impressive
doesn’t it seem odd that the same people who demanded that everyone have vaccine id are now insisting that voter id should not be required?
big numbers
he is just plain wrong. almost the entire founding team of was over 30. over half of the founding team of tesla was too.
until about a month ago, early voting in 2024 favored the dems even more than 2020. leading dems told me with extreme confidence that they would win pennsylvania. they were certain. then there were some anomalies in the matrix and now republican early votes vastly exceed 2020.
she’s cooked 🍜
exactly
yeah
trust those who return the shopping cart
inflation … inflation everywhere!
wokipedia has a possibly terminal case of the woke mind virus. reddit too.
the sharp spike matches when the gun emoji was nerfed 🔫 🔫🔫
intense in tents
the woke mind virus is precisely measurable
true
🇺🇸🇺🇸 madison square garden 🇺🇸🇺🇸
cell phones will work anywhere
department of government efficiency
thanks 🙏
ok, fine i will sleep with you 🤣🤣
great question. i suspect that the absurd propaganda will not stop, but those spouting it will lose credibility.
the extreme left wing bias of legacy media is because journalists these days are extremely left wing. they can’t even handle their newspapers not endorsing a candidate and remaining neutral!
0% effect
a second is a long time to a rocket. said another way, it was 1000ms or ~50 control cycles away from hitting the tower. not actually that close.
so unhinged he can’t even see the hinges with a telescope 😂
yeah
this is crazy
poor kid. that was messed up.
well said
exactly
good for van jones
the most entertainingly ironic outcome is the most likely 😂
based
yeah
if anyone needed further proof that i strongly support freedom of speech, please note that even a nutcase like olbermann, who is literally calling for my arrest and government seizure of my companies, is in no way being censored
yeah
par for the course
yeah
haha exactly
good question
i’m told that there is tremendous progress already and much more to come with leukemia
yeah
cool
i’m just spittin’ facts here
ai diagnostics will be amazing
yeah, it’s crazy!
exactly
congratulations, marie of nevada!
i will try to be as helpful as possible
the conversation with drops tonight. can’t wait!
massive
sunlight is the best disinfectant
great
we’re tied!
virtual town hall regarding the election!
we should have a major science station and then city on the moon! that would be so awesome.
yeah 😂
this may sound crazy, but i am coming around to liking . our views as to how to best serve humanity are different, but he seems authentic in his desire to do so. btw, neuralink will ultimately help tens of millions of people with serious brain or spine issues.
cool
😂 oh the irony
great!
that would be a great move!
congratulations, shannon of pennsylvania!
t150 clear in 3:25. too much time spent killing minions vs elites. had &lt;3 min potential.
hey , this guy is distorting tens of thousands of wiki pages. guys like him are destroying what you created.
yes, and only pushed by frauds
i wish they would
starship rocket booster with human for scale
thanks
almost every country on earth requires voter id. why not america?
i see more and more stories like this
utterly evil
massive numbers flown directly to swing states and put on the fast track to citizenship. voter importation. it’s a sure way for the democratic party to achieve permanent victory. diabolically smart.
true
ah the irony
unfair
they will fail
strong as an ox!
it would be a magnanimous gesture
amazing that this happened recently!
the dems have imported massive numbers of illegals to swing states. triple digit increases over the past 4 years! their stated plan is to give them citizenship as soon as possible, turning all swing states dem. america would then become a one-party, deep blue socialist state.
astronauts safely back on earth
couldn’t happen to a nicer guy 😂
this platform is the biggest source of news on earth by far
flight 6 is coming up soon!
some of the war records of my grandfather (walter henry james musk) can be found on the internet these days. he met my english grandmother (cora amelia robinson) when he was transferred to british intelligence towards the end of the war.
contemptible behavior by hilary
thanks!
olbermann should be in a psych ward
also, , gfy
everyone knows that nyt is a left wing propaganda machine. less obvious, is that the wsj is controlled by the (left wing) journalists union, not rupert murdoch! same is true of almost all legacy news organizations.
olbermann needs to lay off the meth
indeed
absolutely
olbermann has achieved the impossible and gone beyond "full retard" 🤣🤣 spacex is the primary communication system of the ukrainian military on the front lines, because everything else has been destroyed or jammed by the russians!
t150 in 3:56 ... some progress
congratulations, jason of michigan!
congratulations, brian of wisconsin!
massive vibe change in america
what does she think trump would do?
voter id should be required nationwide
wikipedia is controlled by far-left activists. people should stop donating to them.
birth rates continue to collapse
in 2020, every independent voter i knew was voting for biden. in 2024, every independent and many former dems are voting for .
awesome
cool
important
please make sure to get your friends &amp; family to vote today! you can do early voting in person in many states, including pennsylvania.
yeah, i try to be as literal as possible!
major progress with early in-person voting in nevada!
does seem bizarre
major vibe shift!
haven’t had a chance to watch it yet, but you may find this interesting
i find going to sleep at 4am is a superpower 😂
great team
yes, vote for !
worth reading
they have no idea …
spacex &amp; tesla continue to execute extremely well, despite being large companies
great question. buff the other classes! they will love it.
they are literally living the “everyone i hate is a nazi” meme 🤣🤣
yeah
massive shift
cool
true
then why do “democrats” oppose the will of the people?
whoa
yeah
cool
bigtime
good grief
cool
cool
true
it is a beautiful rocket
congrats team on the 100th successful launch this year!
crazy
good for patrick
the vibe shift towards is massive
exactly
starship will lengthen in the next few years. 10 years from now, there will probably be a much wider diameter starship too.
much appreciated!
something special about the falcon heavy simultaneous side booster landings
interesting
it’s a problem
do the right thing for customers and they will do the right thing for you
progress
they’re getting desperate
yeah. that’s still a crazy number!
glad we could help
this is a major crisis
awesome 😎
major incitement to violence against
absolutely
yeah
so crazy
makes sense
cool
bernie is basically a communist, but he does seem to have integrity
true
more starlinks to orbit
sure sounds like he is directly buying votes!
yeah
exactly
exactly 😂
yeah
she is outright lying
wow. the return on investment for the final paragon points is rough 😂
the atlantic is an evil publication
if given 4 more years to do it, the big govt machine will legalize vast numbers of illegals, making all swing states permanently deep blue, just like they did with california. every major democrat politician has stated that their goal is to legalize all illegals. believe them.
if they are able to do this, there will be no swing states next election
it’s not that hard and china will succeed. paperwork is the biggest issue.
our system is broken
those against voter id in america are the ones who want to commit election fraud
exactly
this is a crisis
a common story. so many people i know have been assaulted on the street or had their homes or cars robbed. out of dozens of stories, there was not one where the criminals were sent to prison. not one. zero. enough is enough.
yeah
wow, that’s a lot of hours!
cool
it’s true
d4 is harder than it seems to achieve super fast pit clear times. i look forward to trying poe2.
i notice you’re ahead of me 😂
yeah
good
it’s as if the 🤡 emoji came to life
everyone will forget about him after the election
reminds me of playing fallout
some progress ... t150 in 4:11 (without the necro hack) kinda zen to race against the clock to kill demons in pits
walz costs $5
what!?
yeah
i’m hearing one crazy story after another
interesting
value for taxpayer money could be better
which law firms are behind this?
wild to think that tesla’s mass flux is ~4 million tons of complex manufactured goods
seriously
“sharp as a tack” 🤣🤣
good point
interesting
congratulations, andy!
wow, i had no idea!
this is crazy
so many conspiracy theories have come true that we are running out of conspiracy theories 😂
continued decline
over 20 million people will watch that conversation
this violates us criminal statutes against foreign interference in elections. we are going after ccdh and their donors. and their donors.
yeah
yes. but it originates in education.
djt has the constitution of an ox. very impressive.
exactly
cool
yeah
you mean in terms of what ai can do?
democrats greatly outspend republicans, have 90% of legacy media &amp; online media on their side, 90% of hollywood celebs and a massive number of organizers on the ground. frankly, it’s surprising that republicans win at all!
they know they’re gonna lose
that’s a big difference!
the margin of the biden pa win in 2020 was ~80k votes. just based on the early vote delta, pennsylvania will go republican in 2024, but we cannot be complacent. drag your friends &amp; family to vote now!
nobody cares about puppets of the machine
drag 10 friends to vote!
you’re gonna lose, 🤡 saving the american people from the torture of hearing you speak for 4 years was worth it 😂
two weeks ago, the early vote delta in pennsylvania for 2024 was worse for republicans than 2020. it is now dramatically better. keep voting!!
cool
what’s not to love?
nothing would sink kamala’s campaign faster than a 3 hour unscripted conversation with joe rogan 😂
these were done in spite of, not because of, the california government. it would be far lower cost to manufacture in other states, which is why our competitors moved out of state. that was because i lived in california.
boeing and lockheed moved their rocket production from california to alabama. spacex took over an abandoned aerospace building in la county and turned it into the highest volume rocket producer in the world. that was because i lived in california.
the last automotive factory in california (nummi) shut down in early 2009. tesla took over the derelict building, after it was stripped of anything useful, and it is now the highest production car factory in the americas! that was simply because i lived in california.
freedom of speech in the west is at stake in this election – vote for to keep your rights!
yeah
yet another diddy party participant
yeah
that would work like a charm
cool
that movie sucked
ccdh is a criminal organization
the hypocrisy of the dictatorial left claiming to defend democracy while in fact opposing it!
this is war
olson-kennedy is evil
tragic
we should not have state-funded media
fries cooked in beef tallow are better
this is insane
this seems to be escalating
it must reach 69%, as foretold in the prophecy
yeah
i read his book and saw him speak at penn. rip.
what reason was given for repealing this law?
the “xoxoxo” part is fake
🎶 who let the … out? 🎶 😂
almost there!
finished faster after masterworking my rod 3 times😉
nice
yeah 😬
i can’t believe he stole ’s glasses! so wrong …
autopilot is a major safety improvement
physics is just right
and it will improve significantly when starship starts launching the third generation satellites at 350km altitude (5 ms speed of light round trip latency) with larger antennas that allow for multi-gigabit bandwidth
major tom to ground control
yeah
government overspending causes inflation. end of story.
cool
rachel wants her glasses back
why did he steal ’s glasses? 🤓
less than 6 hours left to register to vote in pennsylvania!
congratulations shannon!
those are the correct lyrics
that’s because puppets can’t talk without their puppetmasters providing the words
yeah, warmongers united.
well, i did nazi that coming! those fools will goebbels anything down … i bet their pronouns are he/himmler!
my comment about needing ubi is in the context of a future where we have robots that can do all manual labor, not present day. in a good ai future, we will effectively have universal high income, not basic.
the foaming-at-the-mouth reaction from radical leftists is worth it 🤣🤣
if there is not radical reduction of government expenditures, then, just like an individual who has taken on too much debt, america will become de facto bankrupt. the interest on the debt is trending to rapidly absorb all tax revenue, leaving nothing for critical needs.
it would blow their minds! they intended government to be tiny and put the president in a little cottage known as the white house. that’s how small they thought the federal government should be!
cool
zero t situation
trump 💯 plays for 😂
an average of ~2 new government agencies are created every year!
incremental paragon points above 260 don’t do much, unless i’m missing something
this is why
some background on the api
they must be sherlock holmes
seriously?
true
i used her full name, because she needed to be scolded. that’s how kids know it’s serious 😂
she’s a blatant liar
haha what!?
ai is advancing so fast!
try it at
the api is now live!
so many botnets, so little time …
so many government agencies exist that even the government doesn’t know how many there are!
phew
take the red pill
absolutely
yeah, same thought occurred to me
reddit is hard-captured by the far left
are you removing the ineligible voters before the election? yes or no
model y bestseller in europe, probably the world
unreal
they should bring it back, add a giant paper and scissors and mechanize the whole thing for an epic game of rps!
that rock was minding its own business, when suddenly …
is nothing real anymore!? 🤣🤣
oh another russian hoax 😴
thanks
other cars are mostly just copies of copies of copies of …
you can easily register online at:
that’s weird
whoa
all true
rookie numbers
what’s wrong with the rock?
really bad
new republican voter registration last week in pennsylvania absolutely crushed democrat voter registration! 27.7k rep vs 12.7k dem, a 3x difference. midnight today is the deadline for registration. let’s goooo!!!!! 🔥🔥🔥
i’m happy to have a live discussion, so there can’t be any “distortion” 🤭 that would be so awesome. please can we do this 🙏. pretty please.
the refreshing cool breeze of a wide open overton window
he should keep wearing maddow’s glasses. it’s a great look 🤣
absolutely
true
the woke mind virus in graphical form. it is very quantifiable. hey , why did you say at that dinner in aspen that it’s fake? and why did you advocate censorship?
adl needs to stop their anti-white racism now!
it’s true
sure would! i think neuralink could fix back pain.
i know people who think they traveled to other worlds via the astral plane and their friend confirmed it 🤣🤣
double-standard!
democrats are massively outspending republicans, have almost the entire legacy &amp; online media supporting them and almost all of hollywood. and they’re still losing 🤣🤣
crazy
what is controversial about your movie?
absolutely
it certainly is supposed to be
i agree
not worth pushing kids to code (or other stuff imo). i liked anything mechanical, but the second i saw a computer, you couldn’t drag me away from it! i immediately pulled two all-nighters teaching myself to program. no pushing is required when kids love something.
many topics discussed!
thanks
insane no-win situation
cool
the various topics discussed today with the people of pennsylvania
exactly
no surprise
lawfare with diagrams! 😂
what is life without purpose? but there is a purpose! it is to expand to the stars and thereby understand the universe.
that is weird
most important election in our lifetime
epic move
true
it’s a sure sign that someone is pushing disinformation if they use the word “disinformation”
yes, radical reform is needed!
it’s true, i think this election is existential to the united states
absolutely
only reusable rockets will be competitive in the future
exactly
let’s build great things!
i dunno, maybe there’s so much drama leading up to it, that it may be smooth afterwards. having a clear winner would help a lot.
exactly
sign our petition to support the constitution of the united states!
yup, not ai! this is the level of madness that regulations have become. forced seal kidnapping!!
this platform is the source of news on earth!
accurate
if the dem big government machine wins, they will legalize illegals over the next 4 years and there will be no more “swing states”. america will become a permanent deep blue socialist state.
those were the days 🍟
seriously
please support dave mccormick for pennsylvania senator
triple digit increases of illegals in swing states over the past 4 years. voter importation at an unprecedented scale!
the legacy media is pure left-wing propaganda
such liars
the momentum is building fast for a republican victory
cool
they should vote against that!
yeah
true
post your thoughts on 𝕏!
fate loves irony, but hates hypocrisy
spacex just launched a competing satellite constellation to starlink. same price as other customers. no favoritism to our own system.
concerning that he would say such a thing
every night, will announce another $1m winner! all you have to do is sign our petition in support of the constitution.
nato plans to give ukraine nuclear weapons? is this accurate ?
all you need to do is sign the petition in support of the constitutional rights to free speech &amp; bear arms to have a daily chance of winning $1,000,000! you can be from any or no political party and you don’t even have to vote.
signing our petition in support of the 1st &amp; 2nd amendments to the constitution is all it takes!
necessarily, to be a true democracy, it must be will of the people that prevails. no judge is greater than the consensus will of the people.
if given another four years, the dem machine will legalize so many illegals that there will be no swing states. this is what they did in california, which is now a supermajority dem one-party state.
maybe true 🤔
if the democratic party big government machine wins this election, they will ban voter id nationwide, not just in california
this is awesome 😎
orbital refilling is an essential technology for making life multiplanetary
my involvement in politics is not because i wish to be, but because i believe the future of the free world is at stake
absolutely
what they are doing is incitement to violence. there have been two assassination attempts on already!
the spacex team is super efficient!
paper ballots, in-person, with id is by far the best way to ensure election integrity
sign our petition to support the constitution of the united states, especially the right to free speech &amp; bear arms!
with their relentless hit pieces, legacy mainstream media are actively encouraging the assassination of and now me
thank you for subscribing to 𝕏!
if america falls, nothing else matters
yeah!
check your voting status today!
is this accurate?
that is very odd
nihilistic policies of the extreme left
unconscionable
this is fantastic
exactly
indeed
insane government spending is driving america into bankruptcy!
this is awesome
about to start a town hall discussion in pittsburgh!
good rule of thumb: those who frequently use the word “disinformation” are the ones most likely to be pushing it
jocelyn michelle benson, shame on you for blatantly lying to the public! you only plan to remove the ineligible voters after this election. that necessarily means that there are far more people registered to vote than there eligible voters.
all’s well that ends well 🚀
i have not asked for, nor has djt offered, anything whatsoever. however, we are both in agreement that strangulation of america by overregulation needs to be stopped. this will unleash a new era of prosperity.
the regulators made us kidnap seals twice! so crazy ...
exactly
5 min t150 clear hope there's some mid season content!
yeah!
tomorrow, i will tell the story of how spacex was forced by the government to kidnap seals, put earphones on them and play sonic boom sounds to see if they seemed upset
yeah, he had no idea that there was even a prize, let alone that he would win
this is actually happening
strange. well, we can provide them again if needed.
facebook “fact-checkers” 🤡
🚀 💫 💰 woohoo!!!
the goal of the $1m/day prize is to maximize awareness of our petition to support the constitution
a fork in the road
link to the petition:
every day, from now through nov 5, pac will be giving away $1m to someone in swing states who signed our petition to support free speech &amp; the right to bear arms! we want to make sure that everyone in swing states hears about this and i suspect this will ensure they do.
college is overrated
free markets vs collectivism has been an ongoing dynamic since the dawn of civilization, dating back thousands of years before marx. read the story of civilization by durant.
absolutely
yeah
the left claims tolerance and yet is intolerant of different views
reducing government waste is definitely not rocket science
this is just the tip of the iceberg
grand projects like this stand the test of time. i think it’s cool.
so true 😂
going live in pennsylvania in 5 minutes!
michigan has more registered voters than eligible citizens!? is that true ?
free the giant that is america from the millions of strings that hold you down!
that seems odd
we should be gravely concerned about this
if baby can survive outside the womb and is “aborted”, that is unequivocally murder
one day, mars will save earth. i am certain of it.
mike is based!
voter importation
this is a major reason why must win. unless something is done about strangulation by overregulation, humanity will never reach mars.
did colorado really legalize abortion up to 9 months?
i’d like to congratulate cnn on their new name 🤣🤣
yeah 🥰
spacex has come a long way, but we are still at the very beginning of making life multiplanetary and being a true spacefaring civilization
prominent “democrats” have actually had the nerve to attack the first amendment of the constitution!
catch as catch can
thanks !
exactly
this should really get way more attention!
thanks gad!
true
me too!
looking to speaking again with the great people of the commonwealth of pennsylvania!
interesting
dirty tricks
it’s wild being in pennsylvania and seeing nonstop annoying political ads everywhere! if you’re not in a “battleground state”, you’re lucky 😂
tesla engineering talent is awesome!
why are the “tolerant left” so intolerant? there is no call to cut off contact if someone supports the machine behind the kamala puppet!
it is inspiring to see what humans are capable of. here’s lookin at you.
there is no meaningful efficiency difference between inductive and conductive charging if the system is designed right. there is always an inductor somewhere in the charge circuit!
“guiding” lmao
voting for trump is voting for mars! unless we stop the slow strangulation by overregulation happening in america, we will never become a multiplanetary civilization.
absolutely
the algorithm should be recommending that which users find most interesting. showing too many posts from one account tends to turn users off. my casual observation is that you are posting too much. but i will look into it.
they way she talks is disturbing
iron too! i can’t masterwork my rod. that sounds funny out of context 🤣🤣
nuclear energy from a modern power plant design is extremely safe
the left has institutionalized their disinformation
this is a beautiful composition
we hope to provide that ride!
yeah
wild times
vote for trump to preserve freedom &amp; democracy in america!
government absolutely needs to be re-engineered. it is a wasteful mess that is bankrupting america and spending the hard-earned money of taxpayers in foolish ways.
the plaid speed model s tesla does 0 to 60 mph in 2 seconds. crushes any million dollar sports car, despite being a 4 door sedan.
exactly
washington dc has become an ever-increasing ocean of brake pedals stopping progress. let’s change those brake pedals to accelerators, so we can get great things done in america and become a spacefaring civilization!
the homeless industrial complex is evil
if civilization falls, nothing else matters. that is why i bought this platform.
the us treasury – your tax dollars – are being wasted at a staggering rate! this needs to stop.
voice of the people
poor guy
makes a big difference
really took a moment 😂
be a citizen journalist!
maybe costco could hold the elections?
so true
toe-nailing curling level of cringe
if a deal is much better for italian taxpayers than any alternative, then what’s the problem?
the atlantic sounds like they’re having a panic attack 😂
nice
people need to know that they’re not alone. put a trump/vance sign on your lawn and wear maga merch!
i keep sounding the alarm that extreme government spending is driving america into bankruptcy!
fate loves irony, but hates hypocrisy
yesss!!! the people demand to see the group text thread where the media is instructed to say that “biden is sharp as a tack” right before he debates trump and it becomes obvious to all that he has severe dementia!
legacy (formerly mainstream) media are a chorus of puppets singing in unison!
no better friend, no worse enemy
kanye was right about maga
you’re saying this is actually not ai? yikes 😳
californication, but much worse
yeah
exactly, just use every word!! lmaooo
needs to happen!
i’m old enough to remember those
yeah, it’s cool
yeah
great points!
we should have giant space telescopes!
good grief!
cool
giving another talk in pennsylvania!
very important!
this is what happens when people are fed state propaganda
my favorite was when he said that the only way biden could be seen less is if he had a show on cnn 🤣🤣
thanks rob. i’m guessing it’s fell soothsayer causing the 1-money-shot 😂 what do you think?
we look forward to serving the !
video game skillz
that might take a while
let’s go!!! a bright future is possible!!!
starship can enable a permanently crewed science station on the moon, which would be super cool! moonbase alpha!!
yeah
well, thanks i appreciate that
hear, hear!
linda is great
i can’t stop laughing 🤣🤣
i triggered the 1-shot accidentally and the boss just disappeared 👻 what causes it to happen?
t150 clear without shroud and mediocre equipment. shows how much better it is possible to execute than may first appear.
true
oh buoy, what a great video! 🥁🤣
starship achieved a precise, soft landing in the ocean, paving the way for return to launch site and being caught by the tower arms, like the booster. full &amp; rapid reusability improves the cost of access to orbit &amp; beyond by &gt;10,000%. it is the fundamental technology
reality
the people of pennsylvania are seeing the light
if they open that door, the us would be fully within its rights to apply the same rule to eu bureaucrats and their puppetmasters.
yeah
zingers 🤣🤣
nice to hear
it was hilarious 🤣
all true
true
yeah
we are the leading news source in the uk!
vote against the machine!
cool
cool
voter registration in pennsylvania closes on monday night
improved edit of the talk i gave in pennsylvania today
one could consider any given civilization’s progress as % completion of kardashev. by that measure, we are &lt;1% towards even type 1.
starship is a big step forward on the kardashev scale, as it leads to harnessing vastly more power from the sun
note, to minimize fraud, checks will be mailed to your voter address on file with the state of pennsylvania
link to the petition:
if you’re a registered pennsylvania voter, you &amp; whoever referred you will now get $100 for signing our petition in support of free speech &amp; right to bear arms. earn money for supporting something you already believe in! offer valid until midnight on monday.
thanks
he is very funny
am doing another town hall q&amp;a tomorrow in philadelphia
but now the dems fight paper ballots tooth &amp; nail. i wonder why.
sunlight is the best disinfectant
it is the stated goal of the democrats to legalize all illegals, which would make all swing states permanently blue and turn america into a single-party state, just like california.
she was so disrespectful to americans putting their lives at risk
great!
this was alarming to hear!
most based thing you could do in a dem neighborhood is put trump/vance signs on your lawn 😂 please post pics to this thread!
excess government spending is driving america to bankruptcy!
register to vote and vote immediately!
america is getting slow strangulation by overregulation
cool
voting should be in-person with paper ballots and identification required
vote for if you want humanity to be a spacefaring civilization!
yeah
protect the constitution!
we need a video gamer voting block! make games great again!!
there was great wisdom to the marshall plan
politics is absurdly tribal! also, didn’t realize maddow was a billionaire 😂
isn’t the patch supposed to provide more leather &amp; iron?
mark cuban and rachel maddow are the same person. don’t believe conspiracy theorists who claim otherwise!
children cannot consent
the trend will continue. usually, the democrat ground game is far better than the republican one. not this time. what’s amazing is that democrats: 1. are massively outspending republicans in swing states. 2. have the “mainstream” aka legacy media almost completely on their
that’s why i’m in pennsylvania
cool
the legacy media is a click maximizing machine, not a truth maximizing machine
true
making progress
this is illegal foreign interference in us elections
it really will
this is illegal
only by the far left legacy media
the legacy media, formerly the mainstream media, is a far left propaganda machine
exactly!
that would be an insane precedent to set
the legacy media is pure propaganda
exactly. that was so messed up.
orbital refilling is essential to get serious tonnage to mars and moon
true
yeah
great to hear!
exactly
trump needs to win by a landslide. that is the goal.
yeah
not even slightly. the results speak for themselves.
fission is good, but nothing comes close to that staggeringly gigantic fusion reactor in the sky. when you think in kardashev terms, it becomes utterly obvious that the energy released by our sun is all that matters.
starbase is incredible
never
evidence for simulation theory
except maybe sometimes in springfield 😂
can’t wait
if she wants to know what evil looks like, she just needs a mirror
the so-called “border bill” (which was a wolf in sheep’s clothing) has nothing to do with the 90+ open border executive orders of the biden/harris administration
yeah …
imagine 4 more years of this getting worse
interesting
it just so obviously is! don’t let your friends &amp; family be fooled by legacy media propaganda, send them links to the truth on 𝕏.
other classes do need a buff. even a 10x buff would leave them merely 1000x weaker!
“testy” is this week’s “sharp as a tack”
the department of government effectively is sorely needed
currently, i have 3 talks scheduled in pennsylvania, but will probably do half a dozen throughout the state
who sends out the commands to the npc media puppets? i’d like to meet them. they should really use a thesaurus, so that every media outlet doesn’t use the exact same words every time.
true
birth rates continue to plummet. population collapse is coming.
funnier than any parody 🤣🤣
indeed
good supercharger progress
buffing the other classes at least 10x at higher levels probably makes sense
good arguments
they just hate free speech. this is the only major platform that doesn’t censor beyond what is legally required.
everything he said there was extremely accurate
it was a close one. spacex almost died.
the extinctionists view humans as a blight that shouldn’t exist – they want a holocaust for humanity
ai is amazing 😂
diablo t150 clear with 🔥🔥
i think so
really? wow
this sounds like the sequel to office space 🤣🤣
accurate
how is it possible that this person is somehow a candidate for president of the united states? 🤣🤣
just sensible stuff
killed the drowned sea hag in 30 secs at tier 145
we need the revenue to make life multiplanetary
good riddance. if she wants to see evil, i suggest she use a mirror.
that was a great day
that is exactly the problem. the biden/harris administration absolutely could override the california coastal commission, but they are doing everything they can to damage spacex.
i thought it would take three attempts
great
even the latest fbi crime data massively understates the problem
kamala is avoiding any interviews that won’t post edit her answers to sound like they make sense 😂
yeah
true
indeed
this is crazy
thanks
just sensible stuff
yeah
they remind me of a lesbian couple from portland
the pac is just aiming for common sense, centrist values
great energy from fans in mexico
sometimes things do work after all
cool
yeah, it was cooking!
true
i mean, the fluid has to get from one ship to another somehow 🤷‍♂️ 😂
why aren’t they arrested?
that was awesome!
nice
for good reason
yeah
cool
good to hear
probably some asshat spreading misinformation that misinformation is a thing 😂
to clarify, you need have voted in pennsylvania
exactly
well said
great work by the tesla team!
tomorrow night through monday, i will be giving a series of talks throughout pennsylvania. if you’d like to attend one of my talks, there’s no attendance fee. you just need to have signed our petition supporting free speech &amp; right to bear arms &amp; have voted in this election.
community notes is hoax kryponite
when the incentive is to maximize cost, cost will be maximized
what’s your highest pit clear so far?
interesting
while many already do, i think all political &amp; company leaders should post on this platform themselves directly, as it bypasses the legacy media negativity filter. your actual message will reach people, instead of some reporter’s often unfair hit piece. sure, you might say
much appreciated! we will do our best to serve the people of india with starlink.
the coastal commission has one job – take care of the california coast. it is illegal for them to make decisions based on what they (mostly wrongly) think are my politics. for example, i have done more to advance sustainable energy &amp; help the environment than maybe anyone
totally insane!
cool
true
absolutely!
executive competence matters immensely in a president, as they are the ceo of america. lack of competence, as we saw with the shameful handling of the afghanistan withdrawal, causes terrible loss of life and limb. between and , the latter is by
this is getting ridiculous! shame on them.
tesla semi will be available worldwide
i’m so glad we finally fixed the forward flap design! the old one was killing me. too large and heavy and positioned at 180 degrees, requiring large static aero and not fully stowed, so that pushes the nose backwards during the high heating hypersonic phase of flight, which is
cool
good for you!
wow, that’s a lot of people
let’s build an inspiring future together!
it will truly be glorious when the ship is caught too and the whole stack immediately flies again! full &amp; immediate (no mandatory refurbishment) reusability with low cost propellant (almost 80% liquid oxygen, no helium pressurant) will mean a marginal cost per ton ~100 times
this is the way
there really should be an iron and leather merchant in town. that’s more valuable than gold 😂 also, salvaging equipment should yield a lot more leather and iron!
what!?
what’s his deal?
shana is awesome. many years ago, i asked her to lead the early vtol development of falcon (aka grasshopper) and she did great work. now, shana is a senior member of the starship engineering team.
they will be under immense scrutiny this time
2 tier justice system
we want to hear “w” 😂
not many people these days know that the british empire was the driving force behind ending the vast majority of global slavery. slavery or de facto slavery was standard practice throughout the world from the dawn of civilization until a few hundred years ago. it is even
but we should have no complacency until there is decisive victory
same 😂
absolutely
wow, this is active deception by cbs!
among his many talents, my bro is a phenomenal cook
sci-fi minus the fi
that would be cool
please do. there are many cool features and subscriptions allow us to resist censorship pressure from advertisers.
this is crazy
that would be much appreciated
steak &amp; eggs for breakfast will make you feel like power is coursing through your veins! it’s what popeye actually ate, not the lies pushed by big spinach!
i still haven’t seen a picture of this amazing emerald mine 🤣🤣 like, where is it??
uh oh
admittedly, i do lift
good point
quite the story arc from baby-killing savages to noble, peace-loving, vegan environmentalists!
i will call and ask if it would not be too much trouble to allow starlink to compete to provide internet services to the people of india.
true
and it gets worse every year! only hope for stopping the slow strangulation by overregulation of america is to elect . he will empower the dept of govt efficiency to restore common sense regulation, instead of the mindless mountains of meaningless paperwork.
hopefully early next year, we will catch the ship too
d.o.g.e will fix it 🪓
that is mostly the case
absolutely
feels so long ago
the romans didn’t try hard enough
same 😂
raptor 3 will aim for 300 tons of thrust at liftoff, so 10,000 tons of combined thrust for 33 engines
need to fix my gear, then try for 150. will do some testing of starlink streaming quality while in flight later today.
free car up there too
true
true dough
yeah
weird
since your handle is “whole mars”, perhaps this lengthy reply is apropos: getting the cost per ton to the surface of mars low enough that humanity has the resources to make life multiplanetary requires a roughly 1000x improvement in rocket &amp; spacecraft technology. recent us
unless we’re in a video game and there are only 12 personality types to choose from
great questions
if even simple bacterial life is discovered on europa, this will be the most significant planetary mission ever. godspeed !
let us venture among the stars!
good chance that starship achieves full stack reusability in 2025, which is the critical breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary
i can’t believe it worked!
nice work!
much appreciated
great new character class, congrats to the diablo team!
so crazy
cool!
it is important in this often difficult and troubled world for there to be things that also inspire and make you feel great to be part of humanity
much appreciated
it is such an honor to work with the incredible spacex team
even rockets need hugs 🥰
congratulations again!
thanks !
europa has the highest chance of life in our solar system, because of the thick, protective shell of ice that covers its ocean
one of our most important launches ever. super glad it went well.
note, gbps speeds can already be achieved by using 3 to 4 starlink terminals together. future terminals will be able to achieve &gt;1gps in a single unit.
cybertruck is just such an awesome product. you don’t realize how fun &amp; useful it is until you try it!
that’s cool to hear
vote for !
the next generation starlink satellites, which are so big that only starship can launch them, will allow for a 10x increase in bandwidth and, with the reduced altitude, faster latency
we gotta win, but, once we do, we can cut the millions of strings that, like gulliver, hold back the giant that is america!
the border patrol supports
they believe the legacy media propaganda
great, this is much needed by the world!
critical feedback is a gift
absolutely
suicidal empathy, as would say
exactly
exactly
it has been a difficult journey
achieving materially positive payload margin to a useful orbit with a fully &amp; rapidly reusable rocket has eluded prior attempts. many have tried to embark upon this path only to give up when it became clear that their design would have negative or negligible payload margin. this
unfortunately, many are
the strong gravity of earth makes the physics of a fully reusable rocket with positive payload margin extremely difficult to solve, which is why it has never been done before. removing the mass of landing legs from the booster and ship by making the tower do the work of final
carville is cuckoo. what a nut.
🧐 that would be unprecedented, as this spectrum was long designated by the itu as shared spectrum for satellites.
almost there
thanks bro
3 years ago
you’re most welcome
once there is an “intercontinental railroad” equivalent for space, millions of companies will prosper, just as happened with the us west coast
true
hear, hear!
yup. and if the big government machine behind the kamala puppet wins, they will make all of america like california.
thanks
true
true
i hope i am able to serve the people in this regard. it is sorely needed.
just inspected the starship booster, which the arms have now placed back in its launch mount. looks great! a few outer engine nozzles are warped from heating &amp; some other minor issues, but these are easily addressed. starship is designed to achieve reflight of its rocket
ascent and landing burns
happens often!
very well said!
the new launch pad is already designed for the 10,000 tons of thrust version, which is almost exactly 3 times more powerful than the saturn v moon rocket
i hope to be able to serve in this capacity
if trump is not elected, the slow strangulation by overregulation will stop humanity from reaching mars
i sure hope so!
some of the outer engine nozzles are a little warped from high heating &amp; strong aero forces. easily fixable.
same
the starfactory is amazing and you can see it close-up from the public road
and the immense magnitude of the risk posed by smothering overregulation is unfortunately not well understood by the public
that was the limiting factor and it will get far worse, potentially impossible, if the slow strangulation by overregulation continues!
spacex team are such great humans
thank you
starship rocket booster caught by tower
we’ve come a long way
more than twice the power of the saturn v moon rocket. next version will be 3x.
“not bad for a bunch of monkeys!” – future ai
true, they will never forgive me
exactly. if the kamala regime wins, they will stifle progress. it is in their nature and they cannot help but do what is in their nature. frog and the scorpion.
big step towards making life multiplanetary was made today
thank you, sir! looking forward to serving nasa in returning humanity to the moon.
1.5x is the way
one step closer to kardashev
ship landed precisely on target! second of the two objectives achieved.
if civilization is reasonably stable for the next ~30 years, a self-sustaining city of a million+ people will be built on mars
science fiction without the fiction part
good morning
the tower has caught the rocket!!
flight 5
let us be among the stars
exactly
and more to come
great question
great!
cool
currently still go for launch, with flight window opening in just over 4 hours at 7am ct
profile pic changed to starship flight 5
cool
it may very well be so
really?
sounds promising
great night
trump must win or this will get more insane than you can imagine
same
crazy
it’s gonna be awesome
absolutely. the military’s job is to defend america, not engage in social activism.
cool
is live video chat working?
if i was actually censoring people, these morons wouldn’t be able to post on this platform! 🤣🤣
exactly. crimea was a sanctioned region, which is why our beams were not activated there. spacex cannot violate sanctions at the request of a foreign government – that would be a felony criminal action. we did not receive a request from the us government.
this will change the look of the roads
that describes almost all journalists. they didn’t enter that career to describe reality, but rather to shape it’s perception as they want.
political tribalism really does break most people’s brains
true
sounds about right
karenfornia
true
*tuesday, since court is closed on monday
incredibly inappropriate. what i post on this platform has nothing to do with a “coastal commission” in california! filing suit against them on monday for violating the first amendment.
excitement is guaranteed, success is possible
the future we want
their idea of the perfect coastline is one where there are zero humans or even signs of human! anyone who has had any dealings with them will attest to this. they should not exist.
the california coastal commission should be dissolved as an organization. an utterly insufferable and misanthropic group of karens if there ever was one!
isn’t the cure for toxoplasmosis highly effective?
generally wise to cook meat to the center
speaking of class warfare, spiritborn is by far the best this season 😂 maybe 100x more damage than next best class.
optimus and autonomous cars only get better from here
if they don’t believe the 100k, they definitely don’t believe the 200k 🤣
true
pretty much
if it looks like an invasion, sounds like an invasion and uses guns like an invasion, then … it is an invasion.
you should upload it to this platform
terrible
america needs safe cities, secure borders, free speech, no lawfare &amp; smaller government. if we don’t elect , the situation will get much worse!
is this seriously what the current administration considers discrimination?
the press gets grumpy when we don’t invite them 😂 better if people just see video clips from the event and judge for themselves.
for my time-based predictions, i generally aim for the 50% percentile date, which means that half my predictions will be late and half will be early. the press never mentions the predictions that were early, so it seems like i’m always late. however, it is very rare that a
join to build a maximally truth-seeking ai that will enable discovery of new physics &amp; invent useful technologies!
you’re most welcome
cool
basic camping solar panels plus a little battery will power starlink all day
still zero people connected by the government program where they revoked the spacex award
looks like starship might fly on sunday! this the largest &amp; most powerful flying object ever made at more than double the thrust of the saturn v moon rocket. we will try to catch it upon return to launch site using the mechazilla arms like giant chopsticks (like karate kid)!
the “weak makes right” principle of the left, where those perceived to be the oppressed are always right, is the foundational axiomatic error. should be that right makes right, as it is possible for either the stronger or the weaker party to be doing the right thing.
the future
extending the free period through end of year for those affected by the hurricanes
i keep telling people i’m an alien, but nobody believes me 😂
sure
yeah
part of the inspiration tbh
very concerning
yes, this marks a fork in the road
meant to feel like a spaceship
the unusually low ground clearance is achieved by having an automatic load-leveling suspension that raises or lowers, based on smooth or bumpy road conditions
thanks. the view from the inside is one of extreme openness, with visibility in all directions, although it may appear otherwise from the outside.
i love art deco
thanks
it looks surreal even when you’re standing right next to it
it will be able to play the piano, maybe even some guitar
several years ago, i promised catgirls and they are coming in robot form
i hope so
so much green space potential in cities when vast parking lots aren’t needed
yeah
indeed
hopefully, millions of humans too
for sure
this will die on the vine. physics very strongly favors satellite connectivity for low to medium population density.
great work by the tesla team!
art deco trains
this is the actual interior of the robobus/van
the future will look like the future
it will transform the look of the roads
futuristic art deco bus
robots … robots everywhere
ever wanted your own personal r2 unit?
starting
so bizarre
a person in the crowd had a medical emergency. we have taken care of them and will be starting shortly.
it’s like pac-man – you just seamlessly teleport to the other side of the world
just helping out someone in the crowd, then we will start
you can watch this on your tv!
a person in the crowd had a medical emergency, so we’re taking care of them before starting
it will happen
we constructed a futuristic world
exactly
reality is so bizarre that i can’t even tell what’s real anymore
wild rides tonight (literally)
new profile pic 🤖
map of the tesla future world constructed at the studio
tesla product unveil in less than an hour
i sleep on thursdays technically, i cleared t74, but t69 is cooler
it would blow my mind if they could actually play a video game beyond pong
only a man of culture can clear level 69 ...
i can’t even tell what’s real anymore
yeah
“weak makes right” is potentially a more dangerous philosophy than “might makes right”. right makes right.
starlink direct to cell phone emergency services will work with existing cell phones, so no extra hardware required
cool
tesla has economies of scale and a technology architecture that make it extremely difficult (unless i’m missing something major) for others to compete
but we shouldn’t take it for granted
it is otherworldly
interesting
yeah
the dude literally went shopping for expensive shoes a few days ago while people are suffering from the hurricanes! hunger games vibes.
exactly
tonight
google is controlled by far left activists
except feet 😂
by far. it’s not even close.
excellent summary of the lawfare case against that was just crushed by the ny appellate. incredibly sensible questions by appellate judges had me in stitches 🤣🤣 american justice system for the w.
the power of the un should be minimized
freedom of speech is the bedrock of democracy
indeed
toxoplasmosis is a danger to our democracy!
sure does
this explains the silly terminology of the leftist legacy press, where they only use the terms ‘left’ and ‘far right’. from their extremely left standpoint, even centrists are ‘far right’ 😂
that’s crazy
exactly
math aside, a 133 pound firefighter is too small. they wouldn’t be able to carry an adult out of a burning building!
the dem party has moved so far left that it has left centrists behind
ny times is one defiant l after another
oh for sure 😂
it made ny times &amp; wapo unreadable
the biden/harris administration needs to go
true
true!
absolutely. if not, innocent lives will be lost.
good question
so deceptive!
the amount of usable energy per human went ballistic
and all transport will be fully autonomous within 50 years
yeah, hard to believe that the left has gone so far from where it was only 10 years ago
major cleanup needed at 60 mins. producers need to be fired. they edited an interview i once did with them. my actual words were “i can do what i want at tesla, provided that shareholders agree”. they deleted the last four words, giving my statement the opposite meaning.
hinton just won the nobel prize
nobody actually thinks dems control the weather lmao
this season is great so far!
good deep dive into the global population collapse that is happening
cool
ok, but is it actually plugged in?
credit to fcc for very rapid approval. i sure hope this hurricane is not as bad as predicted!
best thing on the internet for truth
that was the showstopper
it’s a factor
congratulations indeed!
indeed, and congratulations to you too on winning the nobel!
congratulations on the nobel!
yes, this is stifling progress in america
yeah, so ridiculous! my positions are centrist .
indeed
nice work by the diablo team! i made it to torment i.
it would be cruel and unusual punishment to be forced to listen to them for 4 years, which is against the constitution!
yup, they want to shut down the voice of the people
we live in the most interesting times
it’s happening everywhere
hope you’re better soon
watch the tesla product launch event live on 𝕏
you’re right that we should make it work for all carriers for emergency services. this is something we’re working on.
we have accelerated the rollout of starlink direct to cell phone connectivity for areas affected by the hurricanes. this is being provided free of charge by spacex and tmobile to help those in need.
encourage your friends in swing states to sign the petition in support of free speech &amp; right to bear arms and earn $47 for doing something you already believe in!
maybe mayorkas could take a break from shoe shopping to look into this
especially in big cities
the biden/harris administration openly bragged about opening the border and stopping wall construction
exactly
60 mins asked real questions and got waffly nonsense for answers
cool
that was weird
i hear this from many people. if all they read is the legacy media propaganda, they have no idea what’s actually going on. very important to send them links to 𝕏 posts, so they can learn the truth.
great conversation
yeah
fake af
exactly
free everything
walz has his own emoji 🤡
yeah
i am no stranger to the state
yup, i lived in pennsylvania for 3 years
yeah
spacex will deliver ~90% of all of earth’s mass to orbit this year. once starship is flying regularly, spacex will deliver &gt;99% of mass to orbit, unless some other company creates a large, fully reusable rocket.
what vivek says is, of course, true. the “social safety net” of state &amp; federal government payments is a powerful magnet for anyone living below that standard (over 5 billion people) to move to the united states. couple that with open borders and obviously vast numbers of
anchorman is a great movie 🤣🤣
that too
that would be a nice change
yes, if all systems are working well
launch could be as soon as sunday
exactly
it is a surefire way for the dems to turn america in a one-party state, just like california
uh what?
cool
wow, it’s wild to see these animated by ai
fully the matrix 😂
yeah
off-the-cuff conversation from yesterday
interesting
an easy prediction (sigh)
good question … why is funding for other countries being prioritized over americans in dire need?
godspeed hera!
exactly
they are so crazy! trump was president for 4 years already. hello??
ny times is pure propaganda
glad we could help
yeah, that is amazing. the palantirs in lotr were this incredible magic that allowed you videocall about a dozen others (but really just sauron). now, billions of people can videocall each other!
great!
nice work by the falcon team!
victory is not enough, it must be absolutely decisive victory
view from falcon upper stage as it departs earth for interplanetary orbit
worth reading lies my liberal teacher told me by
they’re panicking
cool
yeah, it’s crazy
indeed
yeah
what’s far right about it?
yeah
wow, this is crazy
entropy is the ultimate boss battle
sounds so bad
only one more month
indeed
she’s just not smart. like actually. for real.
i spent 3 years in pennsylvania at upenn!
true
working on it
the truth shall set you free
yeah!!
exactly
amazing
an incredible epoch of civilization with a style that endures to this day
an 11 minute standing ovation for a bad movie has stalin vibes
the left controls almost all legacy media and all major search and social media companies, except this one. we strive to be a level playing field for all views. they do not.
for every person you refer who is a swing state voter, you get $47! easy money.
the legacy media are shills for the dems
tomorrow is the last day to register to vote in georgia and arizona!
trump now leading kamala by 3% in betting markets. more accurate than polls, as actual money is on the line.
whoa
interesting
what’s the source of this data?
how times change
indeed (sigh)
propaganda terms are very effective
seems strategically unwise
true
wrong priorities
yeah
feels like it
saving american lives should be priority
go steelers!!
false, has made it extremely clear that he would veto a nationwide abortion ban!
what walz is saying is utterly false. in fact, recently posted that he would veto a nationwide abortion ban!
yeah
what a nut 🤣
love is the answer 🥰
is this accurate ?
join us!
thanks for expediting this approval
sign our petition to support the constitution! also earn $47 for every person you refer to sign the petition if they’re in a swing state. goal is to get 1m voters in swing states to show support for free speech &amp; right to bear arms.
exactly
true
cool
spiritborn everywhere 😂
true
it would be the end of america
you’re most welcome
that was one heck of a day!
yup, sounds familiar. people have been so thorough my brainwashed by the legacy media.
definitely not
groan
lmaooo
bring. it. on.
low bar tbh. unlike the border, we actually check ids for the event 🤣🤣
it’s tragic that a science magazine has become an anti-science political shill propaganda rag
yeah
check your voting registration status!
needs to be released
so many prominent democrats want to destroy the first amendment!
cool
exactly!
wow, seems so long ago
there was a massive shift with the advent of birth control
i was about this meme tbh 😂
yeah … news flash, hilary, you’re not supposed to have total control!!
i’m hearing this anti free speech bs being parroted by pretty much every leading dem &amp; their legacy media puppets
true … sigh
this is so crazy
incredible crowd today at the rally in pennsylvania
make sure everyone you know has registered to vote! only 2 days left to do so in georgia &amp; arizona.
true
yeah
that was an amazing rally!
and they insisted on vaccine id to travel anywhere, but also insist on no id to vote! something very rotten about that.
it’s a different world if someone only reads legacy media propaganda
troubling
seriously!
yeah
true
cybertruck is special
coming soon in gothic font
cool kid
make america based again!
“we lose total control” implies that they have almost total control already, which seems true based on how the legacy media all mysteriously have the exact same talking points at the exact same time. the media all said biden was “sharp as a tack” right before the debate where
great!
he’s shopping for fancy clothes while people are suffering from hurricane damage. this is some hunger games shit.
expensive and slow
very autistic expression i have in this pic 😂
the anti baby propaganda is powerful
thanks!
they’re literally on camera saying the exact opposite thing and treating the public like fools!
that’s how easy it is to turn on starlink! works anywhere 5 minutes after you take it out of the box.
those against freedom of speech are the bad guys!
if doesn’t win, the “democratic” party will legalize so many illegals that there will be no swing states! america will become a single-party socialist state, just like what happened to california, where they just made requiring voter id illegal.
almost 10 million people watching!
you’re most welcome!
this is the most important election of your life!! and there are only 2 days left to register to vote in arizona &amp; georgia before it’s too late! make sure everyone you know &amp; everyone you meet has registered to vote. the fate of our civilization is at stake.
anyone else seeing this sort of thing?
exactly
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 team america 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
let’s go!! 🚀
exactly
is something shady going on?
true
live from the rally in pennsylvania. same location where he was shot.
cool :)
exactly. vote against the machine!
crazy
this is the pac that i created to support candidates who believe in the core values of america
literally
not right
exactly, the whole country will be like california politically, which is a one-party state
racism in any form is abhorrent and those who push it should be shunned
to paraphrase milton friedman: the worst results come from people spending other people’s money on a different group of other people. that is the government!
216,000 voters on the list in arizona in violation of the law
exactly
read the america pac website to understand why i support
headed to pennsylvania to speak at the rally in butler!
if doesn’t win, the democrats will have 4 years to turn swing states in permanent deep blue states
register to vote in arizona. only 2 days left!
the democratic party is openly stating that they want to change the constitution to end free speech!
cool
seriously, who is running the country?
yeah!!
action is being taken to stop fraudulent voting in arizona
exactly
so true 🤣🤣
doesn’t seem like spacex and ula are being treated equally before the law
sounds great!
yeah
wow, that is next-level bad 😳
insane that someone could advocate racial genocide and not be ostracized! she should be completely shunned from society.
super important to get all your friends and family to register to vote. georgia’s registration deadline is monday!!
the same people who demanded you must have a vaccine id to travel are demanding no id to vote!
vote for to save democracy!!
they might be thirsty 🤷‍♂️
indeed 😔
if there is a democratic party victory this election, they will ban voter id requirements nationwide, enabling massive voter fraud. banning voter id is their stated goal – they are not hiding it! after that, your vote won’t matter, so this is therefore the last real election.
the term “far right” has been watered down so much by the legacy media as to render the term meaningless by historical standards, which is a terrible thing for them to do
just offering some tea 🤣🤣
california passed a law last week that made it illegal to ask for id in elections! literally impossible to prove fraud there now.
he hasn’t been president for 4 years! is anything not his fault?
problem has been resolved. kudos to .
approval received
thanks for expediting approval for support flights. just wanted to note that sec buttigieg is on the ball.
thanks for helping simplify the faa notam. support flights are now underway. much appreciated.
yeah
thanks for the call. hopefully, we can resolve this soon.
just outright lying wow
still waiting … the helicopter is trying to land to deliver critical supplies. what’s the number to call?
good idea
what the hell
are you saying this man and hundreds of others are all lying?
there are hundreds of reports of fema/faa blocking flights. this literally just happened. i will follow you. please dm me the number to call.
yeah, it’s not just spacex. they won’t let anyone help!
tencent has made many smart moves. impressive execution.
south africa is such a beautiful country
spacex engineers are trying to deliver starlink terminals &amp; supplies to devastated areas in north carolina right now and is both failing to help and won’t let others help. this is unconscionable!! they just took this video a few hours ago, where you can see the level of
absolutely. like many people, i have had enough of this dangerously incompetent and partisan administration!
beautifully said
impeach (again). weak government leadership costs lives.
this is from a highly trusted, highly competent spacex engineer
they will absolutely nuke the filibuster
yeah
just received this text 20 mins ago. the level of belligerent government incompetence is staggering!!
damn, you must know the class inside out and backwards by now! how much have you played post class balance adjustments?
and we have already with grok 1
really?
this is bizarre and super racist of them
💯 we are seeing this right now with fema. they stated on their website that dei was their top priority!
unless trump wins and we get rid of the mountain of smothering regulations (that have nothing to do with safety!), humanity will never reach mars. this is existential.
starlink connectivity directly from our satellites to mobile phones will be profoundly important and save many lives when there are natural or human-driven disasters
one could perhaps debate whether this is deliberate or accidental, but not that it is occurring. the migrant settlement numbers and locations come from us government data under a democratic administration!
worth noting that has been and will open source its models, including weights and everything, as we create the next version, we open source the prior version, as we did with grok 1 when grok 2 was released.
just received this note from a spacex engineer helping on the ground in north carolina. is not merely failing to adequately help people in trouble, but is actively blocking citizens who try to help! “hey elon, update here on site of asheville, nc. we have powered up two
yeah
exactly!
incompetent leadership costs lives
actually true!
interesting
it is a travesty
propaganda pushers evaluating their own propaganda
read asimov’s foundation books
yeah
yeah
you’re most welcome. your reporting is excellent.
terrible
weird
good question
true
larry ellison is awesome
absolutely
exactly, just a question of when, not if
marriage only requires 3 years to become a citizen, if my understanding is correct
accurate
cool
true
yes, they are literally using your tax dollars to import voters and disenfranchise you! it is happening right in front of your eyes. and fema used up its budget ferrying illegals into the country instead of saving american lives. treason.
if i bring up trump in la, people react like they got shot with a dart containing rabies and crystal meth 😂
is this for real?
yeah
😂 well, in fairness, a republican today is just a democrat from &lt;10 years ago!
true tbh. you get attacked every day, it’s a huge drama to travel anywhere and there are a ton of ceremonial duties.
cool
cool
make sure your family &amp; friends register to vote!
record usage of the 𝕏 platform!
cool
bro, don’t straw man my argument … it takes 5 years to go from permanent residency to citizenship or just 3 years via marriage. that is roughly one presidential election cycle. the vast number of illegals brought in over the past four years will be legalized as quickly as
citizens of arizona, this election is your last chance before you’re disenfranchised
i will be there to support!
the mars technocracy
unreal
madness
exactly, government overspending is the cause of inflation, because their checks never bounce, they just increase the money supply!
extreme government spending is driving our country to bankruptcy!
important dates to register to vote. please get your friends &amp; family registered!
let’s accelerate this to the max!
it’s awesome. all community notes code and data is open source, so you can recreate the results yourself.
fema’s goal should be saving lives!
exactly
he really is absurdly bad at economics!
always cool to see humans for scale
her dad, who is still alive, is a professor of communist economic theory!!
super messed up
freedom of speech is the bedrock of democracy
unless something is done about the bureaucratic smothering of america, humanity will never reach the stars. that is my biggest showstopper issue for why trump must win, as the alternative is continued expansion of oppressive big government, making progress impossible. unless
treason
that cycle has happened so many times
true
your tax dollars at work flying in 30,000 illegals per month
yeah
this is the way
kamala’s voting track record when she was in the senate was to the left of bernie sanders! she was rated most far left of all 100 senators. not a moderate at all.
yeah
exactly! current immigration policy makes no sense. it’s totally ass-backwards.
here is a detailed explanation of how the democratic party is turning all swing states, and thereby the whole country, into a permanent one-party state. it is happening before your very eyes.
heartwarming to see so many people trying to help
indeed
but, seriously, trump must win or america is in deep trouble
smoothness upgrade is in the works for hw3
fsd will soon exceed 10,000 miles between critical interventions, which is a year of driving for most people
lmaooo
no-brainer!
you would be most welcome as an american citizen!
indeed, super obvious if you do the tiniest bit of investigation!
unreal!!
yeah!
yeah, same with kamala
i sure hope so!
wow, i bet most people in pennsylvania have no idea this is happening
earth will literally explode if djt loses! 😂
literally 😂
i super love american values!
yeah
same
keeping up with the kardashevs 😂 the sun is 99.9999+% of energy in our solar system. everything else is cute.
if someone is a great nurse, doctor, engineer, carpenter, plumber, electrician, teacher, scientist, etc, they should be welcomed!
if they’re all made legal, then there will be no illegals! problem solved 😂
as a reminder, i am very much in favor of expedited legal immigration for anyone who is talented, hardworking and honest. america should be like a pro sports team that wants to win the championship – draft the best players to enable the whole team to win!
yeah!
the kamala dem machine wants to legalize all illegals, which would turn all swing state blue immediately and ensure permanent one-party rule in america!
it’s only a matter of time before the illegals in the swing states are legally able to vote. if it were up to leading dems, they would be allowed to vote right now! here is schumer saying exactly that:
doesn’t it seem strange that biden, nominally the commander in chief of the united states, had to make a groveling apology for accidentally calling illegals ‘illegals’ during his speech to congress? the word “undocumented” is such a bullshit word! makes
one can certainly debate whether this is a deliberate strategy by the democrats, but not that there are massive, triple digit increases in migrants to swing states. that is an unequivocal fact. it is also a fact that illegals vote overwhelmingly democrat when legalized, as
interesting
toxoplasmosis is a danger to our democracy!
wow, that is terrible to hear. what can people do to help?
more than reasonable, it has become essential to saving america!
the vibe is great!
what’s your best guess at which builds will reach the highest level pits?
not any one person, as far as i know. there is the soros bogeyman, of course, and various dem leaders, but no single mastermind. it seems to be a simple matter of incentives: the more illegals imported, the higher the dem vote over time. it will only backfire on the dems if
true 😔
we need the grok doc!
the dems are doing deliberate voter importation to swing states &amp; fast-tracking them to citizenship. the only question is when (not if) enough migrants can vote to flip all swing states, shifting the whole country to permanent one-party rule, just like what happened to
yikes
obviously
that’s deep 😂 most people don’t understand that the reason tall buildings don’t fall down is because of structural engineering, not architecture
might be wise
seriously
4 more years of this and america is toast
anything more i can do to help?
much appreciated
the legacy news media are all members of the democratic party
exactly
massive increase in video views on 𝕏
new crazy news leaks every day!
this is crazy
i have been focusing heavily on pennsylvania
yeah
what a terrible situation
yeah
cool
thanks 😂
good question
crazy
diddy connection?
wow, sounds like serious government reform is needed
america is headed for bankruptcy
ai will be better than the best doctors
will enable significant expansion of colossus
𝕏 is the source for news on earth!
yeah
true
cool
absolutely
online voter registration:
only 5 days left to register to vote in georgia! make sure to share this with your friends and family in georgia. this election is the most important in living memory. register online in a few minutes via link below:
takes less than 5 minutes and zero documentation to get approved as an illegal immigrant and be flown to the united states with air tickets paid for by the american taxpayer
cool
true
yeah!
congratulations! score one for the people’s right to free speech.
complex in what way?
smart
yeah
this is crazy
all media is left-leaning even in utah?
1/3 replacement rate means that 96% of the population is gone after three generations!
you’re most welcome!
absolutely
wow, indeed. where is the image from?
nice
not right.
this is cool to see. mensch to mensch.
great!
where in your shoulder?
exactly, birth rates that low will lead to mass extinction of entire nations!
over 2 billion post views on 𝕏 about the vp debate!
starlink now available in samoa!
california’s unconstitutional law infringing on your freedom of speech has been blocked by the court. yay!
join
huge lie by walz
great defense of free speech
the democratic party openly wants to take your freedom of speech under the guise of what they deem to be ’hate’
interesting
wow, this is crazy!
thanks
thanks!
wow, that’s way bigger than my house
not that i’ve heard
thanks
good idea
karma is real. this won’t work out well for him.
strong compliment to
great, i look forward to helping make government much more efficient and improve the lives of all americans!
cool
it’s my building. that’s where we created openai (as an open source, non-profit!!) and neuralink.
thanks to the starlink team for making the software update in less than a day!
nice
cool
true
had the fcc not illegally revoked the spacex starlink award, it would probably have saved lives in north carolina. lawfare costs lives.
hilarious 🤣
starlink terminals will now work automatically without need for payment in the areas affected by hurricane helene
creepy terror
openai has turned evil
i’m in pennsylvania. it will go solid red.
interesting
best case 2028, but probably 2030. if spacex is not smothered by regulations, then the starship launch rate will far exceed the falcon launch rate, as starship fully reusable, while falcon is only mostly reusable. starship should be doing &gt;1000 earth orbit flights per year by
yeah
true
chess has a tiny number of degrees of freedom compared to reality: only 64 squares, no fog of war, no tech tree, no terrain differences, same starting pieces &amp; positions every time and you can’t invent new pieces during the game. all of those factors and more are present in
he will rocket straight to the top!
cool
yeah
exactly
true
so crazy
happy that spacex could help
walz is a psycho
true
he didn’t even get fact-checked lmao
the survival of the constitution is indeed at risk
they cannot procreate, so they will die out if they don’t convert those who do
mind-blowing that tim walz said he was “friends with school shooters” 🤡
that was bizarre indeed!
true
yeah, it’s outdated
i played a lot of video games with my kids. it’s what got them and me into programming.
he sure has lived a long time
true
lots of room!
yeah
𝕏 is not only alive, it is also in both categories!
trump/vance must win. i can’t handle 4 years of seeing and hearing kamala/walz. that would be cruel and unusual punishment!
there is no better source of news
when are they releasing the list?
cool
that’s super messed up
good progress
wow, that’s crazy
true
wow, no limit at all, even if the baby is viable outside the womb? if the pregnancy is so far advanced that a baby can survive outside the womb, then they’re unequivocally killing a baby.
also, common sense. people need to live somewhere, so unless they move to a town with a lot of extra houses (true in some places, but not all places in america), there will be upward pressure on house prices proportionate to the influx of people.
openai certainly didn’t start out polished
look at the law that was passed yesterday in california making it illegal to ask for id when voting. it is harder to buy something at costco than vote! this is insane. or the censorship law that california passed a month ago banning political parody! this will happen
correct
good question
yeah, that was weird
true
they were rather civil
the dem machine will absolutely implement censorship if given another four years to do so
could not be more clear that will veto a national abortion ban. he has said it before many times, but this simple statement makes his position absolutely obvious and unequivocal.
how many people in music &amp; entertainment knew about this?
still way too low!
true. the actual bad thing is monopolistic behavior, whether by companies or unions (which are also companies).
cool
maybe
you’re welcome!
biden is backing them?
whoa
thanks for helping!
arizona’s voter registration deadline is only a week away! you can register online using the link below.
wow, coming up very soon!
great!
how’s it going and what are the real challenges?
wow, this is crazy
yeah
very likely
this is the state website to do online registration:
if you live in pennsylvania and haven’t registered to vote, you only have 20 days left to do so! please register to vote and ask your friends &amp; family to do so too. this is a very important election.
very accurate
openai cannot be trusted
sorry, so many dumb things happening. working on fixing.
xai open house in sf tonight!
cool
this is going to make the public hate him next-level
so long as those charging high prices don’t do bad things to stop new entrants who will lower the price, that is absolutely true
that is my strong belief
we are making a system update to allow all starlinks in the affected areas to work, regardless of payment. software update hopefully completed tonight. tomorrow at the latest.
crazy!!
we’re getting as many starlinks as possible to areas affected by the hurricane
that’s always how it starts
overprescribing
it’s worth getting starlink as an emergency backup, even if you have a crazy fast landline. never know when a crisis might happen and you could help all the people around you stay connected too.
lawfare is happening everywhere
if it ever recovers
great post
republicans used to be the “mean &amp; judgy” party and now it is the democrats
if the dems win, they will force this on the whole country
madness
the big government machine
great! common sense prevails.
what level of op is spiritborn? 😂
he’s making the right move from what i can see, but sustained prosperity will take a few years. argentina has to have free international currency exchange, equal rule of law for all, domestic and foreign, and a balanced budget. prosperity will then follow, as it always has.
absolutely! that would be such an inspiring future 💫
congrats to the team on making a great game!
exactly
that would be great. i would to invest in and otherwise support south africa!
new pets! i’m guessing half the players will be spiritborn, including me 😂 looking forward to trying a new class. i know druid way better than i know the back of my hand.
guess so 😂
and you know what’s going immediately, not 2 days later!
nope, i just like working, making products people love and spending time with friends &amp; family
yeah
congrats!
this would be beautiful
i hope the public is starting to understand just how evil &amp; dangerous the woke mind virus is to our civilization – it is suicidal
this is really important. the rule should be that starlink can operate at whatever power level does not disrupt other communication systems, not some arbitrarily low power limit!
dude had more yachts than me!
having a weak president is dangerous to world security
i think it’s great that america is so diverse, but this does seem asymmetric
starlink prices must roughly match the rate of inflation in any given country
almost all vehicles will be purely electric long-term. combustion cars will be a niche, like horses.
yikes
what the heck is going on?
exactly
absolutely
yeah
to understand the nightmare of where far left politics takes you, just walk around downtown san francisco
i know several people who got myocarditis. i almost had to go to the hospital after my second booster shot, which was mandatory in order to travel.
from what current compensation?
so true
solar power is growing super fast. in the very long-term (kardashev scale), solar will be &gt;99% of all power generation.
this is so crazy
by the way, the price could be much less if the government didn’t insist on so many crazy requirements that add no value
true
wow, and here i am mistakenly thinking people love talking about ass 😂
makes sense
well, i’m really bad at figure skating. does that i should still get a gold medal? 🤷‍♂️
this is troubling
as this video describes, trump supports women’s rights far more than kamala!
nyt is a far-left propaganda rag
very difficult these days!
yikes
cool
no video games?
indeed
absolutely
cool
thanks!
the fcc is breaking the law
good for you!
mind-blowing that the democratic party is massively outspending the republican party in swing states! the democrats have become the party of the rich and entitled (just look at their donor list) and the republicans have become the party of the people.
crazy
true
uh what!?
best ever
the idea that stopping people from voting somehow “saves democracy” is utter nonsense
the difference is stark
true
the woke mind virus is deadly to those it infects
just the c++. c will be there forever.
the same people who demanded that you have a vaccine id to travel are now demanding that there be no id for voting
great
to be precise, the machine that controls the kamala puppet will come after me even more than it currently does
exactly
exactly
what is he demanding?
“$60 billion wired immediately” – biden
thanks :)
reality gets stranger by the day
absolutely
this is crazy. fema’s top priority is supposed to be saving the lives of america citizens.
thanks !
it’s true
thanks
same goes for italics and any other formatting. they are being abused for engagement farming
justice prevails
yeah, the legacy media deliberately pushed this lie over and over again, knowing it was false
worth posting again lol
literally! your average library has more identity verification than california requires for voting. i wonder why 🤔
since the hurricane helene disaster, spacex has sent as many starlink terminals as possible to help areas in need. earlier today, alerted me to additional people who need starlink internet in north carolina. we are sending them terminals right away.
due to immediate and excessive use of bold font on 𝕏, it will be removed from view in the main timeline. you will have to click on post details to see anything in bold. my eyes are bleeding.
they mean it too. trump must win to preserve the constitution!
wow, it is now illegal to require voter id in california! they just made preventing voter fraud against the law. the joker is in charge.
nice work!
sure
why does the media keep calling you far-right? what are your policies?
they all turned on biden in unison immediately. very odd …
this is why tesla vehicle have automatic overheat protection to safeguard kids &amp; pets
yeah
the truth is somewhere in the middle. climate change risk is overstated in the near-term, but probably accurate in the long-term. all that matters is how many billions of tons of carbon are transferred from deep underground into the atmosphere and oceans, aka the “surface
the law is violating the law
accurate
this is silly. leave the farmers alone! it won’t matter for climate change.
absolutely the right attitude. during the toilet paper shortages of covid, i was making sure that our factories and offices had toilet paper!
in high doses, it is very dangerous
true, first time i’ve seen republicans &amp; democrats agree on something in a long time 😂
but it will boil the oceans much sooner than that
𝕏 is the group chat for earth
group chat for earth!
there is a performance artist aspect that is interesting to watch. better when funny than angry.
hope you like it
let’s make (good) sci-fi real!
exactly
cool
vietnamese food is awesome
yeah
true
us does need to catch up
our greatest dream is to send a spaceship to uranus
thoughtful explanation of the supreme court’s recent decision regarding ambiguous regulatory authority
true
subscriptions in support of your freedom to speak are much appreciated
makes a good point about democracy
even remnick is knifing biden! there are so many dem knives in biden’s back right now, he’s basically a pincushion.
absolutely
cyberpunk is a great game. stunning with full ray tracing and hdr.
cool
absolutely
canada requires charging by the minute vs kwh. we’re working to get that changed.
will find out. our aspiration is just to make a modest return vs the fully-considered price of supercharging.
good point. spacex &amp; tesla would probably have died, since both narrowly escaped bankruptcy in 2008.
sustainable energy generation from sun &amp; wind is making great progress!
spacex will do the right thing for oneweb, even though they are a competitor
fsd beta should be available in europe for lhd this summer, rhd a few months later. these dates depend on regulatory approval.
i mean we’re basically identical – a few differences maybe …
the uaw stole millions from workers, whereas tesla has made many workers millionaires (via stock grants). subtle, but important difference.
uaw slogan – “fighting for the right to embezzle money from auto workers!”
“don’t try this at home”
original halo &amp; smash bros, but thumb joysticks give me the willies
some people use meditation or yoga to calm their mind at the end of the day, but video games on hardcore mode work best for me
i suppose it would be elden ring. finished halo infinite on legendary, which was not easy for my ancient neurons! terminator: resistance is underrated, although the machines will be *much* better than this &amp; have 360 deg long-range fov (sigh). cyberpunk is brilliant.
played some &amp; will continue. i use 🐭 &amp; ⌨️, which is suboptimal, but ok with remapping. art is incredible, story is good, altho i’m still confused about what’s going on haha. nonlinear play style &amp; no spoon-feeding are cool.
haha fine, i probably don’t disagree with you, but even if i did then still!!
i disagree with you, but i disagree with deleting your stuff even more. that’s what free speech is about.
starlink 🛰 team too! expecting over 4200 starlink satellites in operation within 18 months, which is ~2/3 of all active satellites of earth.
amazing what a zillion tiny cannonballs can do!
maybe this year isn’t out of the question …
haha that’s next year
spacex falcon 🚀 team is making excellent progress – aiming for 60 launches this year!
we’ve all been there
covid-19 is the virus of theseus. how many gene changes before it’s not covid-19 anymore? i supposedly have it again (sigh), but almost no symptoms.
the washington post’s current slogan is “democracy dies in darkness”. catchy – for sure – but then what’s up with the paywall for news!?
ah yes, i see they decided to editorialize. here’s what i actually said:
tick tock
i usually drive an alpha build, but switch to beta right before release so i know what tesla owners are getting
seize the memes of production!
toronto streetcars are not yet handled well by fsd. btw, is on a ~4 month sabbatical.
funny to think that sapphire is just corroded aluminum!
i just did. now what?
this is pretty good. 10.12 will have major improvements for tricky unprotected lefts &amp; heavy traffic in general. we’re also making good progress with single stack.
looking into it
am giving serious thought to this
true
haha that would sickkk
doesn’t sound very balanced
is a new platform needed?
given that twitter serves as the de facto public town square, failing to adhere to free speech principles fundamentally undermines democracy. what should be done?
especially seek negative feedback
as predicted
starlink, at least so far, has resisted all hacking &amp; jamming attempts
sigh
🤣🤣 especially crypto spam!!
true
the consequences of this poll will be important. please vote carefully.
i would gladly follow the directions of the chemtrails masterminds, but i can’t figure out what they’re saying!
free speech is essential to a functioning democracy. do you believe twitter rigorously adheres to this principle?
easily
most people think the fruit was named after the color (fools!)
the movie gaslight has gaslit so many people it’s insane
you mean email?
twitter algorithm should be open source
the algorithm needs to be open source
i’m worried about de facto bias in “the twitter algorithm” having a major effect on public discourse. how do we know what’s really happening?
true. and even a 10% reduction in g would make reaching orbit relatively easy.
first starship orbital flight will be with raptor 2 engines, as they are much more capable &amp; reliable. 230 ton or ~500k lb thrust at sea level. we’ll have 39 flightworthy engines built by next month, then another month to integrate, so hopefully may for orbital flight test.
spacex default plan was ~65% of global launch mass to orbit this year. incremental demand might take that to ~70%, so not a major change. those numbers don’t count starship. rough math is ~16 tons * 50 launches = 800 tons. rest of world is &lt;400 tons (mostly china).
makes a huge difference to capital efficiency to localize production within a continent
excited to hand over the first production cars made by giga berlin-brandenburg tomorrow!
ok, maybe i should play league then
main tesla subjects will be scaling to extreme size, which is needed to shift humanity away from fossil fuels, and ai. but i will also include sections about spacex, tesla and the boring company.
managed to throw him, but it cost me smashing my c5-c6 disc &amp; 8 years of mega back pain! finally fixed with c5-c6 disc fusion.
working on it
giga berlin-brandenburg will be covered with beautiful art, inside and out
the six seat model x is best imo. there are times when i only want to offer that variant.
also the heaviest falcon 9 payload at 16.25 metric tons
as it ends the cycle of retribution
the limbic instinct for vengeance is incredibly strong, which is why turn the other cheek is such a powerful idea
absolutely
true. that was mega pain.
but reaching volume production with sustained positive cash flow was last achieved by an american car company, chrysler, ~100 years ago! ford &amp; tesla are the only american car companies to avoid bankruptcy. even gm &amp; chrysler went bankrupt in 2009.
prototypes are easy, production is hard. making an electric car was not the hard part of tesla – dozens of companies have done that.
good point. politicians &amp; political parties should be supported on their merits, not like they are one’s favorite sports team.
with so many mainstream media companies saying is crazy/dangerous, i watched some of his videos. ironically, he seemed more balanced &amp; insightful than those condemning him! the groupthink among major media companies is more troubling. there should be more dissent.
fsd releasing to canada next week
yeah :)
i have so much respect for the associates doing an honest day’s work at tesla or spacex building &amp; servicing cars, rockets, starlinks, batteries, solar &amp; many other things
working hard to make useful products &amp; services for your fellow humans is deeply morally good
working on master plan part 3
took us way too long
true, i do support the current thing haha!
yeah
hardcore
they have no idea how hard fsd is. only path to success imo is hardcore real-world ai software with dedicated nn inference acceleration asics in car, multibillion dollar nn training supercluster and 10+ billion miles of vehicle data. good luck.
thank you for the offer, but such excellent training would give me too much of an advantage. if he is afraid to fight, i will agree to use only my left hand and i am not even left-handed. elona
telegram post by ramzan kadyrov, head of chechen republic!
congrats!
💫 starlink 💫
he can even bring his bear
i see you are a tough negotiator! ok, you can have 10% more pay per view money.
congratulations spacex team for all that you have accomplished!
one day …
yeah, i did manage to throw the world champion sumo wrestler, but at the cost of smashing a disc in my neck that caused me insane back pain for 7 years!
pretty much
i am absolutely serious
by the pricking of my thumbs …
there is a beauty to the biological substrate
as a general principle, for those looking for advice from this thread, it is generally better to own physical things like a home or stock in companies you think make good products, than dollars when inflation is high. i still own &amp; won’t sell my bitcoin, ethereum or doge fwiw.
it is not entirely unpredictable that you would reach that conclusion
and we are not alone
tesla &amp; spacex are seeing significant recent inflation pressure in raw materials &amp; logistics
if this version performs well, we can probably lower min safety score to 95
what are your thoughts about probable inflation rate over next few years?
always worth reading about the many civilizations that have risen and fallen … lessons we should take to heart. there is danger to a “united earth” in that it may result in a collective fall or ossification of civilization.
the story of civilization, especially books 2 &amp; 11
insightful analysis, ensconced in eloquent prose
fifteen decisive battles of the world
cereal, but maybe i’ve been doing it wrong all this time. i know it’s bad for you, but sugared cereal is amazing.
the forbidden cereal 🥣
little do they know, birds aren’t real!
what if one atom at a time in your body was switched out for another atom? there would be you with all new atoms and another you with the original atoms – human of theseus.
this weekend
you’re welcome. we have also sent power adapters for car cigarette lighters, solar/battery packs and generators for places where electricity is not available.
optimized, fully-reusable starship is ~150t to same reference orbit as saturn v. in expendable mode, starship payload would be 250t to 300t.
in our experience, copv gain/pain flattens out above 6000 psi and is &lt;1 above 10,000 psi, unless volume constrained like dragon. heating from pressurization &amp; cooling from depressurization also become major problems at very high pressure.
there is no direct evidence of that ad being run, but that does sum up the sales pitch. it is mind-blowing that he &amp; his crew *rowed* to a whaling station from the antarctic!
very important that there be an organization tasked with regulation removal or the number of rules will grow every year until progress is completely buried by bureaucracy!
another 48 starlinks just reached orbit
cool
esg should be deleted if not fixed
esg rules have been twisted to insanity
you are my favorite hello, and my hardest goodbye.
it was an honor
also nuclear is vastly better for global warming than burning hydrocarbons for energy
for those who (mistakenly) think this is a radiation risk, pick what you think is the worst location. i will travel there &amp; eat locally grown food on tv. i did this in japan many years ago, shortly after fukushima. radiation risk is much, much lower than most people believe.
hopefully, it is now extremely obvious that europe should restart dormant nuclear power stations and increase power output of existing ones. this is *critical* to national and international security.
aquarion and polaris
self-driving car will amplify traffic to insane levels, as you won’t feel the pain of driving yourself
yeah
defeating traffic is the ultimate boss battle. even the most powerful humans in the world cannot defeat traffic.
cool!
polytopia is *way* better imo, if you like strategy games
chess is a simple game. understandable when all we had to play with were squirrels 🐿 and rocks🪨, but now we have computers 💻.
basic appliances should not connect to the internet or have significant compute power or they will/are/have obviously be turned into an army of ddos puppets
maybe tesla should make an ai vision device that plugs into these legacy traffic lights. it could just look at traffic &amp; automatically maximize throughput.
beta 10.12 probably releases tuesday in us and friday in canada
terminator resistance is a good game
even some of the best ai software engineers in the world don’t realize how advanced tesla ai has become
we are almost at the point where interventions are so rare on city streets that we can turn our attention to applying the code to highways. no point in doing so until passing that threshold.
increased oil &amp; gas production in the short term is critical or people around the world will be placed under great duress. this is not a question of money, it is a question of having enough energy to power civilization.
to be clear, spacex wasn’t given $1.5b – we were given a contract for cargo delivery to &amp; from space station that would amount to $1.5b if successful
my old delta-v mug!
pshaw, how pedestrian! i was thinking more … space dragons with “lasers”
alternate name for our company was faraday, who invented the electric motor, whereas nikola tesla invented the ac induction motor
in a way, this is free qa haha
a beautiful home for life
some starlink terminals near conflict areas were being jammed for several hours at a time. our latest software update bypasses the jamming. am curious to see what’s next!
all news sources are partially propaganda, some more than others
starlink has been told by some governments (not ukraine) to block russian news sources. we will not do so unless at gunpoint. sorry to be a free speech absolutist.
spacex reprioritized to cyber defense &amp; overcoming signal jamming. will cause slight delays in starship &amp; starlink v2.
who, me? 🙄
exactly
and also my sympathies to the great people of russia, who do not want this
🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦 hold strong ukraine 🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦
obviously, this would negatively affect tesla, but sustainable energy solutions simply cannot react instantaneously to make up for russian oil &amp; gas exports.
hate to say it, but we need to increase oil &amp; gas output immediately. extraordinary times demand extraordinary measures.
haha sure :)
game on
almost all viasat ukraine user terminals were rendered permanently unusable by a russian cyberattack on day of invasion, so … yes
yes, provided no metal particles in paint
place light camouflage over antenna to avoid visual detection
turn on starlink only when needed and place antenna away as far away from people as possible
important warning: starlink is the only non-russian communications system still working in some parts of ukraine, so probability of being targeted is high. please use with caution.
in class action lawsuits, the actual plaintiff is always the class action law firm. they just find someone willing to serve as a puppet to “represent the class”.
updating software to reduce peak power consumption, so starlink can be powered from car cigarette lighter. mobile roaming enabled, so phased array antenna can maintain signal while on moving vehicle.
🇺🇸🇺🇸 american broomstick 🇺🇸🇺🇸
yeah, maybe 98
this old youtube clip helps explain why former uaw members who work at tesla are not huge fans of uaw
by the way, tesla factory worker compensation is the highest in the auto industry
our real challenge is bay area has negative unemployment, so if we don’t treat and compensate our (awesome) people well, they have many other offers and will just leave! i’d like hereby to invite uaw to hold a union vote at their convenience. tesla will do nothing to stop them.
actually, we still operate our california factory, which is the largest auto plant in north america, at full capacity and are considering expanding it significantly. it has built 2/3 of all electric vehicles in north america, twice as much as all other carmakers combined.
ukraine civilian internet was experiencing strange outages – bad weather perhaps? – so spacex is helping fix it
solar area will need to be higher with obscuration, but works better than one might think
we could’ve made a 600 mile model s 12 months ago, but that would’ve made the product worse imo, as 99.9% of time you’d be carrying unneeded battery mass, which makes acceleration, handling &amp; efficiency worse. even our 400+ mile range car is more than almost anyone will use.
🤣🤣 that was me tweeting from when someone else had snatched my name. i was actually one of the earliest twitter users, but dropped my account because people were tweeting such trivialities at first. convinced me to get back in.
the probability of tesla dying in 2008/2009 was very high. we closed our financing round at 6pm on dec 24th – the last working hour of the last day before tesla would otherwise bounce payroll.
self-driving cars &amp; useful humanoid robots require a sophisticated understanding of reality. i am increasingly convinced that they are on the path to solving agi. should agi be solved? i don’t know, but humanity is moving rapidly in this direction whether i like it or not.
pretty good summary, although national pride is underweighted relative to economics. latter serves former, not other way around. the foundational issue imo, which this video doesn’t ignore, is low birth rate. after all, what good is land with no people?
saints row iv was sickkk
saints row
well, i do have multiple personality disorder, but they’re all technically in the same head
tesla has created over 50,000 us jobs building electric vehicles &amp; is investing more than double gm + ford combined [fyi to person controlling this twitter]
our primary challenge is affordability. creating an expensive truck is relatively easy. if it is extremely hard to do so for tesla, despite our much greater economies of scale &amp; better technology, then it is damn near impossible for others.
he plays golf a lot
saudi arabia owns 2/3 of lucid, so inevitable
coming soon, if you want your car to make a loud farting sound from the external speaker, just say “fart in their general direction!”
all cars made since november also have push center for horn – just waiting on firmware update. if you mash right side of yoke with your palm, horn will trigger.
if your war technology level is far higher than your opponent, tactics don’t matter: source_not_found
swipe down on navigate button to navigate home or to work if at home
depends on what issues we see that are unique to canada. if things are looking good, then we can lower the safety score threshold.
you are most welcome
starlink service is now active in ukraine. more terminals en route.
good thread
would be a good move. needs to include put options &amp; synthetic shorts.
successful starlink deploy
we’ve had about 60 or so cars testing internally in canada. hoping to go wider this weekend.
starlink is a little patchy to tonga right now, but will improve dramatically as laser inter-satellite links activate
protagonists created over half a century ago don’t count
signal is the least insecure messaging service
hollywood refuses to write even one story about an actual company startup where the ceo isn’t a dweeb and/or evil
just imessage &amp; signal
me too
are you sure signal is secure?
i didn’t start the fight, but i will finish it.
building a case is exactly what i’ve been doing
exactly
would be cool if we are backed up somehow
yeah, definitely don’t use c unless optimizing for hardware performance!
i’m a fan of rust. clearly scales well, given that discord uses it. for max performance, however, nothing beats tight c with a customized compiler on specialized hardware. important for max frame rate on vehicle inference computer. otherwise, we mostly use c++ &amp; python.
while it is tempting to focus on one of those arenas as the “hard one”, in fact they are all difficult &amp; important. tight c &amp; custom compiler too. an inference computer optimized for energy efficiency, reliability &amp; long life is also critical. can’t just jam gpus in the trunk.
definitely
a general solution to self-driving (essentially, real-world ai) requires writing extremely difficult software in the arenas of training, inference, control, analytical tools, data management, hardware optimization &amp; simulation. one of the hardest technology problems that exists.
compilers can be way better too. not enough effort spent there.
sorry!
we’re working through the general case of making steam games work on a tesla vs specific titles. former is obviously where we should be long-term.
yes. this is an advantage of iron cathode lithium batteries.
night city has beautiful art
great game
but 69% of statistics are false
norway is awesome! 🇳🇴
small changes usually affect production for less than an hour, as they’re applied to a few stations during breaks. big changes may impact output for a day or two. reversing out big changes or unexpected parts shortages are what impact several days.
sometimes 20 small changes in a single week
switching to renewables with batteries would avoid blackouts. batteries are essential, due to the intermittent nature of renewables.
we must fight for it to be better
this is just peeling back the first layer of the corruption onion. stay tuned …
why many come to america
beautiful
tuesday
yeah
in earth years
it is taking longer than expected to make the upper stage not expendable (sigh)
instead of “research suggests”, i suggest “warlocks say”
… a river
m night should do a horror movie about this – it would resonate
entertainment is becoming a username/password/2fa nightmare
sounds good, we will send one over
that would be great
maybe near bro airport, since that serves both communities?
i’m pretty sure i’ve paid the most taxes of any individual ever to california, but it isn’t obvious what is done with the money
rather than correcting itself, the lower birth rate trend appears to be accelerating
tesla owners in the greater giga texas area will get priority, so yes
single biggest threat to future of civilization imo
they will be fine
the only reason i didn’t pay federal tax in 2018 is because i *overpaid* in 2017! since they stole my tax records, they actually know that.
will visit irs next time i’m in dc just to say hi, since i paid the most taxes ever in history for an individual last year. maybe i can have a cookie or something …
true
seriously. how long must this go on?
depends mostly on faa certification, but hopefully within 6 months. we’re testing on gulfstreams to debug issues, but deployment priority is commercial airliners.
cybertruck
yes, in the air
probably
i think it will reach
i’m dropping a new album
we have a very talented team
i wish i could help. at this point, it seems that voting at the next election is the remedy.
actually, april 7th
spacex’s goal is to make life multiplanetary, whereas their goal is to put a handful of satellites in orbit
are they even trying?
and, of course, you can pay in ðoge
and futuristic diner / drive-in theater planned for hollywood area!
indeed
lucky bastards, we are!
we are a mobile cell colony
so amazing that we decompress from a single cell to over 30 trillion cells
absolutely
pretty much 🤣🤣
plaid model s &amp; x are sublime
product &gt; marketing
an evolutionary asymmetry helpful to survival, but counterproductive when survival is not at stake
reasons to hate are remembered better than reasons to love
for an in-depth explanation, read
high pain threshold
model 3 is literally the most made in america car in – well of course – america
i was at a lunch with munger in 2009 where he told the whole table all the ways tesla would fail. made me quite sad, but i told him i agreed with all those reasons &amp; that we would probably die, but it was worth trying anyway.
some carmakers are trying hard
[ahem]
no way 🙄
agreed. this has been broken for a long time.
this will be real in our lifetime
starship to mars simulation
election time will be interesting
announcements coming soon
yes, but more ground stations &amp; improved packet routing will make a bigger difference
over 250k starlink user terminals
destacking starship
wow, that’s a lot of podcasts! ok, i will do one. maybe we could combine with dave lee and a few others.
tim is great
great
so many layers with tesla fsd ai!
the pledge is good no matter what
moving to 33 engines on next booster
ancient times
the fun police made us do it (sigh)
now tesla is worth a trilly willy!
yup, we need to do that
high standard!
that was a tough one. new model y structural pack is next-level though.
happy birthday, jared!
the duty of a leader is to serve their people, not for the people to serve them
car should also reverse slightly if it peeks into an intersection &amp; sees fast-moving cross-traffic (just like a person would)
exactly
true
probably 250 t-f by end of year
later this year, remaining fussy bits will be gone, allowing deletion of shroud
true national debt, including unfunded entitlements, is at least $60 trillion – roughly three times the size of the entire us economy. something has got to give.
looming disaster for sure
human for scale
tower arms are lifting starship onto super heavy booster
this would generate a lot of goodwill
much appreciated!
model x is an extremely difficult car to build. most complex passenger car ever. limiting factor is interior trim.
pretty much
thanks, this made a difference!
most news outlets attempt to answer the question: “what are the worst things happening on earth today?” it’s a big planet! obviously, some bad things are happening somewhere at any given time, but focusing relentlessly on those does not give an accurate picture of reality.
so hard to find out what’s going on in the world without being bombarded with news that makes one sad &amp; angry!
true, careless negativity (destruction) is much harder than thoughtful positivity (creation)
sadly true
that’s true to some degree, but citizen podcasts that aren’t negative like rogan, fridman, dodd, ted interviews, etc are very popular. maybe part of why traditional media outlets are so negative is because old habits die hard? they so rarely even try to be positive.
not needed
why is the “traditional” media such a relentless hatestream? real question.
it was so crazy! the insane tweet fud campaign &amp; press hatestream of 2017-2019 is still easily found.
🎶always look on the bright side of life🎶
true
what a hypocrite
high time we had tunnels!
the boring company just connected resorts world hotel to vegas convention center!
as backdrops go, this is a good one
i’m pro vaccination, but anti vaccination mandate
agreed
munro understands
[satire]
🚬 thank you for smoking 🚬
tesla model s &amp; x plaid are so fun!
extended tracking shot of falcon 9
all these different standards for electricity are a tax on humanity
gavin is kinda badass in this vid
only very high resolution radar is relevant
we have to solve a huge part of ai just to make cars drive themselves. in retrospect, it was inevitable. the road system is designed for cameras (eyes) &amp; neural nets (brains).
double-standard?
it’s not my money
a bigger win than it may seem
thursday next week at 8pm texas time
and all the forms of life on earth
becoming multiplanetary is essential to extending dramatically the probable lifespan of civilization
starship is in a different league. orders of magnitude more mass to orbit than falcon. necessary for creating a self-sustaining city on mars.
if things go well, falcon will launch about once a week on average in 2022, delivering ~2/3 of all earth payload to orbit
tesla is working hard to provide more megapacks for grid stabilization
congrats spacex falcon team!
exactly. the terminology is anachronistic.
who controls the memes, controls the universe.
haha seriously
spacex standard antenna production rises rapidly this year, so those with orders shouldn’t have to wait long. note, starlink can only support a limited number of users in an area, so best to order early.
tunnels …
exciting progress at starbase, texas!
320 bar is achievable, maybe even 330
thanks for letting me know. will be fixed soon.
thanks for the deep belly laugh 🤣🤣
starlink high performance antenna
will begin limited rollout to canada this month. safety is paramount, so we have to confirm no significant issues, given slightly different road rules.
he’s actually a lobbyist, not a journalist. there are many who pose as the latter while behaving like the former. no integrity. indeed, there were no safety issues. the car simply slowed to ~2 mph &amp; continued forward if clear view with no cars or pedestrians.
same
dragon hover test
will upload some videos tomorrow
harbinger battle on l is tough
tesla has great respect for software engineering, they do not
16 story tall rocket, traveling several times faster than a bullet, backflips &amp; fires engines to return to launch site
denmark just ended covid restrictions
they’ve been writing bogus articles about tesla (and me) for years. in the end, it is their own credibility that suffers.
dave, i know you’re a fan, but this is a silly question. i don’t drive programs because i want to, but because i have to.
halo infinite campaign is good
i’m driving this program personally, as is the case for almost all new programs
for reasons unknown, is unable to say the word “tesla”
if the government had the mandate of the people, there would be a significant counter-protest. there is not, therefore they do not.
how many gene sequence changes to covid-19 before it isn’t “covid-19” anymore? og covid-19 ended a long time ago.
protesting in a canadian winter shows real commitment!
it would appear that the so-called “fringe minority” is actually the government
so many hitlers!
a step in the right direction
great interviewer!
if canadian government is suppressing peaceful protests, that‘s where fascism lies &amp; cartoonist is just a shill
now that the big automotive advertisers are making evs, you will see far fewer articles about evs catching on fire. it is not surprising that internal combustion engine cars have a tendency to combust externally too.
just rewatched true romance ♥️
the ratio of machine to human compute skyrockets
true
voters should call their elected politicians now to make it clear how they feel
lie back and think of mars
we need serious tonnage to mars
the universe is a hydrogen sonata
there are many faux 🦄
it has been a very long road
interesting ideas
there will only be evs in the future
excited for future of solar at tesla!
tesla will support fsd licensing by other manufacturers
i have one
given how hard insanely fsd is, i think it may take 5 years or more before any company besides tesla solves it
i have a feeling that the gerrymandering will not work as well as they think
and in the darkness bind them
honestly, i would let the border regions vote. let the people there actually decide.
vote them out
if you scare people enough, they will demand removal of freedom. this is the path to tyranny.
seems odd that the un still hasn’t released 2020 world death rates
freedom is being stripped away one piece at a time until it is gone
just that manganese is an alternative to iron &amp; phosphorus for scaling cathode production to several twh/year
exactly
your policies are directly responsible for the outrageously high insurance premiums paid by californians
you should be voted out of office
cb radios are free from govt/media control
exactly
i am in awe of sweden
canadian truckers rule
biden is treating the american public like fools
biden is a damp 🧦 puppet in human form
i might have made it too pointy!
starts with a t ends with an a esl in the middle
they’re being driven around in limousines, so they can’t grok it
sounds about right for autonomous cars. optimus will greatly exceed this. the economy will be as big as people want it to be. there will be no scarcity, except that which is artificially created.
they appear to have some room for improvement
been driving latest cybertruck prototype around giga texas. it’s awesome!
i have trouble understanding any other motivations tbh
nice
it’s like he could see the future!
i will eat a happy meal on tv if accepts dogecoin
this is a matter of much internal debate
our biggest limitation with fremont is convincing enough associates to build cars when they have so many other job opportunities in the bay area! thanks again tesla team for doing the hard work of building real products that people love ♥️
i sense a trend
great wisdom
twitter is spending engineering resources on this bs while crypto scammers are throwing a spambot block party in every thread!?
this is annoying
this is a hard thing for us to do right now, as we don’t have enough satellites with laser links and there are already geo sats that serve the tonga region. that is why i’m asking for clear confirmation.
yeah, this saves a whole tap. just swipe down for auto navigate.
could people from tonga let us know if it is important for spacex to send over starlink terminals?
an suv that is faster than a formula 1 race car
baby x is just like this haha
most people have no idea
yeah
maybe something like this
frank &amp; beans
it’s true – i do think a lot about rocket engine chamber pressure ahaha
same
but is he playing it on legendary difficulty?
will do our best. decentralized control of the robots will be critical.
sheer luck
i hear versions of this often irl
tesla ai might play a role in agi, given that it trains against the outside world, especially with the advent of optimus
believe in the future!
back to the moon soon
another 49 starlinks reach orbit
i was just there. good progress!
people do not yet understand how valuable an autonomous vehicle will be
last year, japan had ~800k births &amp; life expectancy is 85 years (impressively high!), implying future population of only 68m, dropping almost half from current population of 126m. that’s a lot of ghost towns &amp; cities.
tragic case of ego/ability&gt;&gt;1
if there aren’t enough people for earth, then there definitely won’t be enough for mars ☹️
trying to set a good example 😀
exactly
un projections are utter nonsense. just multiply last year’s births by life expectancy. given downward trend in birth rate, that is best case unless reversed.
we should be much more worried about population collapse
i see where frank herbert got some of his ideas
honestly i woulda clicked it
spatial &amp; temporal memory are improving, so there will be less flicker
yeah, unfortunately this is becoming a security issue
cool, we’re both born 69 days after 4/20 haha
i obv can’t comment on every rumor, but this isn’t true. am headed to berlin mid feb, not this week.
pretty wild
accurate video 🤣
10.9 going out later this week
indeed 🧐
yeah
we will start rolling out fsd beta in canada cautiously in next 2 to 4 weeks
good thing i never tweet anything controversial
green hills software is a pile of trash. linux ftw.
it is heartening to see the rise of individualist vs corporate media
in theory, it saves landing leg mass &amp; enables immediate reflight of an otherwise unwieldy, giant rocket
correct
good campaign
there sure are a lot of interesting ways to arrange pixels
ai in a box that is a hall of mirrors from the inside
civilization is only ~5000 years old
so informative
there is a 💯 chance of *all* species extinction due to expansion of the sun, unless humanity makes life multiplanetary
firmware fix to recalibrate heat pump expansion valve is rolling out now
fixing this is a high priority
1469 starlink satellites active 272 moving to operational orbits laser links activate soon
birds are a myth
tesla merch buyable with dogecoin
yeah, doesn’t make sense
almost all input is error. car should do the right thing automatically.
turns out … yes
still working through a lot of challenges with the government
great explanation!
he was truly exceptional
bizarre anti-environment move by govt of california
tesla is working as fast as possible to support tesla owners worldwide. sustainable energy affects everyone on earth, as we all share one atmosphere.
accurate
most people have no idea how fast sustainable energy is growing!
if the alarming collapse in birth rate continues, civilization will indeed die with a whimper in adult diapers
mind-blowing that over 80% of humans have a smart phone
starship launch &amp; catch tower
it’s our best car ever, along with the plaid x
it was a mistake to try to use the elise. in the end, only ~5% of the elise parts ended up being used. tesla roadster is a totally different car.
monthly subscription price will rise when fsd goes to wide release
fsd price will rise as we get closer to fsd production code release
just in the us
tesla fsd price rising to $12k on jan 17
beta 10.9 should be ready in about a week. beta 11 with single city/highway software stack &amp; many other architectural upgrades probably next month.
starlinks with “lasers” deployed to orbit
masters of doom is a great book
nice
room to improve …
earth should be called water
tonnage to orbit is the more fundamental metric
absolutely. this is just bad math.
raptor 2 now operates routinely at 300 bar main chamber pressure
reminds me of when i hex edited ultima v to get out of the final maze
🇨🇭yay switzerland!! 🇨🇭
there is no way to be in touch with voters when you’re three generations away from voting age
let’s make the roaring 20’s happen!
great work by tesla team worldwide!
now to 10k, 1k &amp; 0.5k
user-seconds is now calculated based on phone screen time as reported by ios/android, so it is hard to fool or be fooled
cool
yeah, but more like a million straws
it’s practically invisible
only way to stop scraping
i hate qr codes
rate limits increasing soon to 8000 for verified, 800 for unverified &amp; 400 for new unverified
rate limited due to reading all the posts about rate limits
the childless have little stake in the future
he is right
touch grass again
to address extreme levels of data scraping &amp; system manipulation, we’ve applied the following temporary limits: - verified accounts are limited to reading 6000 posts/day - unverified accounts to 600 posts/day - new unverified accounts to 300/day
* below age 50
looking into it
exactly
these actions obviously severely affect cdc’s credibility
true
good question
we’re getting used worse than public toilets at an oversold stadium!!
sooo many straws in our milkshake 😂
dogs rock
tesla is shifting emphasis to diffusion for compute efficiency, but will probably drop even that. no company is anywhere close to tesla in useful ai compute per watt.
that number seems low
accurate
this will be unlocked shortly. per my earlier post, drastic &amp; immediate action was necessary due to extreme levels of data scraping. almost every company doing ai, from startups to some of the biggest corporations on earth, was scraping vast amounts of data. it is rather
you can learn anything online for free these days. universities have basically become social clubs. that said, at least the technical disciplines do test your ability to do difficult homework for 4 years in a row.
damn
two wrongs don’t make a right, but three lefts do
any social media companies that allow unauthenticated access will become bot-strewn hellscapes as soon as they become relevant
where do they get all the guns? individual gun ownership in europe is extremely limited, but not zero. most of these guns must therefore be stolen or illegally imported.
all economies are just productivity per person times population. japan is losing population at twice rate of creation (~1.6m deaths last year vs ~0.8m births). at a granular level, economic output fluctuates dramatically, with sunday being terrible &amp; monday being great.
“prompt engineering” is natural language programming
natural human tendency is to want to negotiate when you think you’re losing, rather than when you think you’re winning. problem is that circumstances can switch from winning to losing very fast.
of course. to mitigate this, we are also tightening limits on how much data can be downloaded per account, especially new accounts.
1. scraping is already disallowed by t&amp;c. 2. the scraping orgs dgaf &amp; mask their ips through proxy servers or through orgs that appear legit. for example, a recent massive scraping operation originating from oracle ip addresses was just using their servers as a laundromat. 3.
lmaooo
please advise people to be wary of margin loans. tesla has always been a high variability stock, often with no obvious rhyme or reason. we are confident about long-term value creation, but cannot control the manic-depressive nature of the stock market.
this platform hit another all-time high in user-seconds last week
crunchwrap is actually quite good!
many twitter features have existed in a broken form for years. they are being fixed.
traditional media have used the term “far-right” so frequently &amp; hyperbolically that it no longer means anything. what use of that term by media actually represents is the immense ideological gap between the effete elite and the people.
it is happening with all publicly-traded corporations worldwide due to esg, which is evil masquerading as good
several hundred organizations (maybe more) were scraping twitter data extremely aggressively, to the point where it was affecting the real user experience. what should we do to stop that? i’m open to ideas.
temporary emergency measure. we were getting data pillaged so much that it was degrading service for normal users!
flatulent people
interesting
subscribe to x/twitter blue
burning down libraries is sacrilege
good point
astra inclinant, sed non obligant
need to work on my endurance
more laughs form this platform than everything else combined
some chance fight happens in colosseum
pretty much
there is a certain purity to pvp
🤣 we should give that use humor a slight boost
unabomber was a surprisingly coherent writer
😂 yeah that’s happened a few times
uh oh
awesome, thank you!
true!
accurate
good
whoa
destruction of evidence is a crime
in support of the policies of president and to demonstrate our confidence in the future of the united states, commits to doubling vehicle production in the us within 2 years! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
true
felony crime!
much of it is, maybe most
night and day
thanks ro!
the guardian is pure propaganda
thank you 🇺🇸🇺🇸
it’s a deep state world war!
thank you
yup, those are my “radical” ideas! 😀
exactly
crazy
thanks
thank you
so good
yeah
what fixing government computer systems feels like
true
extremely fundamental to your freedom
exactly
do we know why?
so true 😂
much appreciated !
makes one think
actual public support for is super high!
they’re just mad that will expose the fraudulent use of taxpayer money to attract and retain illegals, who will be future dem voters
uh oh
thank you, president !
even after canceling 200k, there are still twice as many government credit cards as there are government employees!
sean hannity: democrats have become so unhinged
absolutely
that’s terrible. sorry to hear that. are there any details about the murder?
the antibody reaction is strong
true
yeah
democrats are pushing hard to *maximize* payments to illegals, eg free luxury hotels in new york and free medical care for illegals in california, as that is their current and future voter base.
so traumatic to answer an email 🤷‍♂️ 😂
it will be fine long-term
never a dull moment! admit it, you love asylums 😂
describe your favorite island vacation
unsurprising
absolutely
there was (still is) a massive cyberattack against 𝕏. we get attacked every day, but this was done with a lot of resources. either a large, coordinated group and/or a country is involved. tracing …
all that should matter is skill
you can tell who the bad guys are by who is demanding censorship
this is crazy
this platform is the top source for news on earth
you are a traitor
exactly
visual representation of the social security database
haven’t read this one yet
necessary
the fraudsters weren’t even trying hard!
obviously
what’s really happening is that the dems are using social security and other government programs to attract and retain illegals, who are their future voters, and will unequivocally shift the electoral college and presidency via census in 2030.
jon stewart is a skilled propagandist
yup, he is a soros puppet
how can a judge end democracy in romania?
voter id is fundamental to the integrity of democracy
true
great movie
actblue has committed massive fraud
there’s a chance to restore democracy from the bureaucracy, but just a chance. long way to go.
who is paying for and distributing these?
they really did that?
this is messed up
tough, but necessary. good working with you. the important parts of usaid should always have been with dept of state.
so true
yeah, why are liberals so violent? legacy media propaganda is a major part of the problem.
good chance of catching a ship this year. should become normal next year.
seriously! the legacy media is whipping people into a frenzy. as reported by the media, a suicide assassin guy was just shot trying to break into the white house this weekend.
probably wise for me to prioritize security, given these crazy times. am staying in america, unless the president requests that i travel internationally.
very concerning
something tells me they’re up to no good
i don’t understand what’s up with all these mean attacks by self-styled “liberals”!
there is a lot of shady stuff happening!
this is so crazy! let the man keep his treehouse. it looks cool. also, vote republican for smaller government, so this bs stops happening!
biden’s own estimated fraud at up to half a trillion dollars!
teslas will also automatically keep the car temperature at safe levels even without asking, in order to protect little kids and pets
just it
costa is committing crimes
cool
soros again …
thank you
this is crazy!
that price is way too high, but i do think we should make glp drugs affordable to the public. obesity is a serious health problem. it’s been a lifesaver for many people i know.
true
thanks 🙏
absolutely.
heartfelt thanks to everyone supporting , despite many attacks against our stores and offices ❤️❤️❤️
cool
exactly! to be extremely clear, no matter how much i disagree with the ukraine policy, starlink will never turn off its terminals. i am simply stating that, without starlink, the ukrainian lines would collapse, as the russians can jam all other communications! we would never
farmers deserve our respect &amp; admiration!
as do the elite in ukraine and some of the elite in the west, all of whom have fancy dinners in mansions every night, while sending the sons of others to die in trenches of mud and blood in the forever war
the democrats pay off some of the republicans with a piece of the action
men die in trenches every day, while politicians &amp; warmongers eat gourmet meals
be quiet, small man. you pay a tiny fraction of the cost. and there is no substitute for starlink.
what secretary rubio says is absolutely correct
true, they can now hate us for free 😂
grok bot responses are getting real 😂
correct
i thought she loved communists, since she is one herself 🤷‍♂️
first of the new model y design delivered from our us factories!
cool
true
she got paid off
yeah
i literally challenged putin to one on one physical combat over ukraine and my starlink system is the backbone of the ukrainian army. their entire front line would collapse if i turned it off. what i am sickened by is years of slaughter in a stalemate that ukraine will
place sanctions on the top 10 ukrainian oligarchs, especially the ones with mansions in monaco, and this will stop immediately. that is the key to the puzzle.
this guy probably does actually exist
what a scumbag
jd vance is awesome
total completion cost of the tesla cortex 1 ai training cluster will be ~$5b
we really should. doesn’t make sense for america to pay for the defense of europe.
is that what happened?
i miss him
good idea
cool
great idea
how many people are being killed?
true
we just had dinner together. good conversation.
when will it be buyable?
the jewish people have and will play an instrumental role in saving america
she’s on anger-amplifying drugs 💯
who are the individuals behind this?
yeah, it’s outrageous!
yeah
strong support
exactly
cool
super yes ftw!!
so many crosses
yeah
yup, makes a bit sad tbh
ironic
that’s me 💯
it’s organized by radical left activists
temporary suspension for doxxing. same rules as everyone else.
massive
interesting
it would be an honor to speak with president mattarella
i’m a big fan of susie wiles
where did your taxpayer money go?
interesting
absolutely
an investigation has found 5 actblue-funded groups responsible for tesla “protests”: troublemakers, disruption project, rise &amp; resist, indivisible project and democratic socialists of america. actblue funders include george soros, reid hoffman, herbert sandler, patricia bauman,
thanks :)
true
noted
good for him
interesting thread
yeah
it’s a start
✨look up at the stars ✨
exactly
more human than humans
yeah. cool kid.
true.
great move to fight corruption
one of the hardest technology problems ever, but it must be done
yeah
this is very positive. output of products &amp; services, and thereby average standard of living, improves when people move from low to negative productivity jobs to high productivity jobs.
starlink starting on airlines!
do you support reducing government waste &amp; fraud?
true
you’re welcome. thankfully, this administration cares about all people.
something stinks about actblue
true
thanks
ironic
starlink is not allowed to operate in south africa, because i’m not black
true
try it!
ask is now live. just reply to a post with !
it was an upper stage / ship failure tbh. but we learned a good amount in building the new ship design and the flight.
not easy making life multiplanetary
today was a minor setback. progress is measured by time. the next ship will be ready in 4 to 6 weeks.
rockets are hard
pretty much. although, more the computer club and football team.
he really is
definitely
starship launch attempt now!
fair competition would be much appreciated
thanks 🇺🇸🇺🇸
where did senator karen get $67 million?
pretty much. i’m open to other ideas, but seems like that’s what’s going to happen.
correct
so many criminal actions!
cool
very productive meeting
much appreciated
how many states who have been blue for so long are sick &amp; tired of failed democrat policies? unsafe and dirty cities with oppressive state governments and yet super high taxes? you are getting ripped off!
it’s true. there was an insane slaughter of 150 million egg-laying chickens ordered by the biden administration.
bigtime. the democrat government-funded ngo scam might be the biggest theft of taxpayer money ever.
ukraine needs to hold an election. zelensky would lose by a landslide.
democrats are cruel
really?
do it work well for this?
actually accurate
accurate
this is crazy
true
what is this court and how can they annul elections?
yeah
just in time
the nsa needs an overhaul
exactly
true
that’s the goal: get the government off your back!
indeed
allowing government-funded non-governmental organizations, which is obviously a contradiction in terms, is a crazy flaw in the system enabling massive fraud that is extremely hard to trace!
they want the forever war. how many more parents with no sons? how many more children with no fathers? by their logic, it never ends.
there are vast numbers of unused software licenses in every part of the government. your tax dollars are being wasted.
just it!
sounds like a good idea
true
yup
true
true
nothing to play right now that i like. will play again when the poe2 update and new season of diablo come out. maybe i should play league, but that’s a time sink next-level …
kathleen mccormick’s legacy will be bankrupting the state of delaware
i’m sad that belessdumb died
🤡 npc
the dems just move around the same group of paid “protesters”
yeah
concerning
yes
many names on poe2. my last character was belessdumb. he died. my 20 year old steam id is random9.
i’m world in poe2 hardcore suck my 🍆 🤣
he has a villainous look to him
1000%
thoughtful rebuttal of propaganda
wow, this is insane
skadden, this needs to stop now
strange indeed …
many of those doing these “takedowns” have also sold tesla stock short, so they benefit financially from a drop in the stock
the new york times is pure propaganda
exactly
“owns and runs the internet” 🤣
wow
wow
that is the fundamental question. why did the federal judiciary turn a blind eye to the importation of millions of illegals, but now is apoplectic over any action to remove them? how is this anything other than extremely partisan politics masquerading as jurisprudence?
yeah
not science
but america has starship
yeah
hmm
27% and dropping
true
try using image editing with !
ironically, the “institute for peace” has been the most violent so far 😂
true
they must have been hiding something shady
bizarre
good progress so far
❤️ thanks
i had just selected the chaos inoculation passive skille and forgot to my charm to freeze immunity
i did knock over a 380 lb world champion sumo wrestler, but smashed my neck in the process, which took 5 operations to fix
i do drift off into thinking about mars at times
the ncaa wrestling heavyweight championship match was amazing fighting between two super talented men!
🇺🇸🇺🇸
cool of someone to do this (wasn’t me)
great fight!
wow
terrible
exactly
true
yes
🤦‍♂️ make asylums great again!
don’t make me summon 😂
exactly. this is just random speculation by a legacy media outlet about what could happen. there has been no change at all to irs revenue.
at the championship!
same
absolutely!
very few people know that there is a major political party in south africa that is actively promoting white genocide. the video below was just yesterday. a whole arena chanting about killing white people. a month ago, the south african government passed a law legalizing
yeah
exactly. my son, xavier, died. he was killed by the woke mind virus. now, the woke mind virus will die.
and dropping fast
here is understanding a picture of einstein’s famous blackboard and then remaking the image with corrections!
no wonder our national debt is so high – we’re sending money to everyone on earth!
cool
🇺🇸🇺🇸
yup
worldwide
great!
discussion about addressing judicial activism broadly and the wisconsin supreme court election specifically with brad schimel
🇺🇸 🇮🇹
terrible
this is super messed up
yeah, why are us taxpayers sending money to australian universities when our national debt is out of control!?
and it’s working!
it is tyranny
that’s just plain cruel. the driver did nothing to deserve this.
it feels amazing. like being outside while inside.
just wanted to say thank you to everyone supporting tesla in the face of relentless attacks. ❤️❤️ super appreciated!! ❤️❤️
thank you!
🫡🇺🇸
america, land of the free 🇺🇸🇺🇸 no more judicial tyranny!!
absolutely. i could have something much bigger, but i like my tiny office. sends the right message. larger meetings are held in the secretary of war suites. seems fitting.
🇮🇪 🇮🇪
but too much of the market is “passive” imo
happy 95th birthday, captain!
um, what is this?
this thread is worth reading
yes
underway
i’d watch this
we are honing in on the v3 starship design. is tracking to a starship launch rate of once a week in ~12 months. that will yield ~100 tons to orbit with full reusability. profound breakthrough.
please send this to friends in wisconsin!
that is exactly right. the new york times writes carefully crafted political propaganda with one goal: destroy republicans, especially president .
yet another activist in judge’s robes trying to protect democrat fraud for partisan political purposes
but watch out for a bug with chaos inoculation, where it doesn’t work if you have a chaos charm equipped. i failed to belessdumb and just died a moment ago :(
cool
good. what a jerk!
it’s a hard problem
🇺🇸🇺🇸
yeah, that was messed up
is just literally improving government efficiency, like the name says
yes
no, it was bought by her grandfather, the president
yeah
yes
a fork and two spoons balanced on the tip of my finger
the goal of the biden administration was to strategically place illegals in swing states and make their status legal, thereby turning swing states democrat. the net result would have been permanent one-party rule of the usa, just like what they did in california.
exactly
i can balance anything 😂
exactly
🇺🇸🇺🇸
pretty cool
🇺🇸🇺🇸
thanks! ❤️
beautiful
i’ve had enough. lawsuit inbound.
wow
war is more accurate
vote for brad schimel in wisconsin!
❤️🇺🇸
it is impossible for the supreme court to hear all the appeals!
more every day
nice
almost a billion dollars of your taxpayer money saved
それあかんやつ
just there," he exhaled into the others mouth before catching his lower lip in between his teeth before tugging --
rt : respect aux fanatics et à thauvin qui se fait cracher dessus chaque week-end mais qui porte ses couilles devant les support…
d'accord avec ça! @ épicerie brimbelle
rt : عمري بقربك يصير اجملل❤🔥:(
地獄少女 | リン☆ユウ
rt : amprimo: martha chávez fue un lujo para el congreso, su presencia en necesaria ►
xd : menuduh penumpang gelap demokrasi kepada pihak lain... tapi mrk tak siap dgn perbedaan pdpt. itukah pro demokrasi?
ありがとうございます😆💕
rt : ليست كل الأخطاء قابلة للإصلاح بعض الأشياء لا تعود كسابق عهدها مهما حاولت إصلاحها
oh just like obama has done &amp; is doing obama believes himself to be the owner h bypasses congress &amp; senate
虎さん髪の毛短くなってかわいいね😂
matias ganador en el debate ◀⭐
i still got her in the cobra clutch! trying get her in the figure four leg lock! 😏😏😏 i missed her…
rt : ان الحنين لا يعرف الخداع ابداً !! فـ هو زاد العشق و هلاك المعشوق !!
kalau membantu meringankan beban org lain masih penuh kalkulasi, maka kita hanya kaya materi, belum kaya spiritual.
壮行会での各部のメンバー紹介。部活によって温度差ありすぎ。
aproveita, a julia te deixa confusa de tanto user
вчера иду такая домой никого не трогаю и тут подруливает мужик громадный нерусский взрослый мужик.сначала подвезти пролагал,потом проводить
бабочек онлайн
omg seungyoun xddddddddddddddddddddddddd
rt : 夜9時～の『土曜プレミアム・天才探偵ミタライ～難解事件ファイル「傘を折る女」～』数多くの作家に多大な影響を与えたミステリー界の巨匠・島田荘司の最高傑作シリーズがついに初のドラマ化！玉木宏、堂本光一、クールな二人が...
erdogandan ogretmenenisanda40bin atama gelsin binlerce aile sevinsin ❗️👉👉 … 67j67kdfg
rt : when the ref yells at you
rt : el legado de chávez y la continuación de maduro
ya se! *se duerme hasta las 12 del día*
when i say "im sleep" i actually sleep.... like all this drama lately has gotten me more hours of sleep so god bless
[141119] key instagram feltöltése ^^ ~min hee~
帰宅！！長旅だったー！笑
immobile's goal was amazing!
netflix doet kut, dus dan maar teringherrie pompen. iemand nog suggesties?
tại sao.king khủng xấu quá =))))
rt : ain't shit to do in anderson no mo !!
you can say "eu te amo sarah" for me? it would be incredible! i love you so much ♥♡ 35x
ふふふ…このくらいあなたのためなら
家電は同時に壊れる
يسمعون نصف الحديث، يفهمون ربعه، ويتكلمون أضعافه، فلا تكن منهم
rt : الفرق بين الكلمتين (rent , hire) hire : الإستئجار لوقت قصير rent : الإستئجار لوقت طويل عدم التفرقه بينهم من اكثر الأخطاء شيوعآ…
damn jus went in on some fajitas n spanish rice
rt : klaine deserve it!!!! c'mon klainer keep voting no loose! kurt/blaine
europa tappar. skandinavien tappar. asien går framåt. så stor trend skapas inte av vårt system. nytt sätt att mäta?
happy birthday, semoga panjang umur, sehat selalu, makin ++ deh..... :)
rt : "quem é você quando coloca os fones de ouvido e faz um clipe mentalmente?" "niall horan"
rt : 先生達の職員室の会話〜リア充〜 'リア充ってカップルじゃなくても成り立つんじゃね？リアルに充実した生活送ってればいいんでしょ？ならみんなそーじゃね？" "俺リア充だ！やったーぜ！" "俺もだ！""やっとリア充なれたぜ‼︎" こんなこと会話してる…
目立つと！！
you need to stop yourself because it won't bring you anywhere
funny, my favorite are the ones who let me be the queen of england.
rt : puedo aceptar el fracaso, todo el mundo falla en algo. pero no puedo aceptar no intentarlo.
watch aliens vs predator 2 tamilcdubbed movie fb page:
:'(
окей,спатки
re loca la gata esta
decime todas mis verdades!
how long did it take you to get this many followers — like 2 years but i was a weird awkward tweeter for like a ...
$gmmb - grail mcdonnell stock analysis - -
ilysm
hot topic better get the bottoms in soon or i'm gonna cry
お疲れのようで…オイラも他人様のコトは言えんが…おやすみなさい☆彡
she just said nahhh i don't fart my butt just release air 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭
shah alam pas menang. zulkifli kalah~
i came from there but, im nothing like some of the females there
shit is not funny paris!! lol. you are not supposed to laugh!!
rt : los trabajadores de miranda, tienen los mismos derechos que los trabajadores de los otros estados.
canmake(キャンメイク) チーク&amp;ハイライト 07
on begging to justin so he notice me. it useless..
kuwii..nek wani lin,tekan omahe deci,tak beli wes kaos mu segrobak nek kamu jogging sampe rumah deci~
rt : مجاني لفترة الرحيق المختوم من اجمل وامتع كتب السيرة النبوية على صاحبها افضل الصلاة والتسليم ...
cuando mas fuerte sea la lucha, mas grande sera la victoria.
hamilton beach 70450 8-cup food processor...
ゆげぽのオリオン･･･だと･･･！？
rt : the latest expose as a total lie a major russiagate story — that the hashtag was fueled by russi…
rt : breaking: tesla is us brand with lowest maintenance cost for its cars with 10 years of use, model s is ⁦⁩ h…
rt : view your charging history &amp; savings for the full year in the tesla app
rt : tesla owners collectively saved $2b+ in 2022 ⚡️
rt : we will soon launch verification for organizations, formerly known as blue for business. today, you can apply for earl…
rt : view from the recovery vessel as dragon returned to earth
rt : more pics of starship fully stacked on the orbital launch pad at starbase →
rt : team are stepping into a series of tests prior to starship's first flight test in the weeks ahead, including full stack wet dre…
rt : spacex had four rockets on four pads and two dragons on orbit today—as crs-26 dragon departed the with crew-5 dr…
rt : model s &amp; model y received the highest overall safety scores among every vehicle tested by euroncap in 2022
rt : watch falcon 9 launch the launch 16 mission to orbit →
rt : was our privilege to provide transportation for at an amazing convention. fun loop stats: average ride tim…
rt : all cargo is loaded, the hatch is closed, and dragon is ready for an on-time departure from the at 5:05 p.m. et.…
rt : ship 24 stacked on super heavy booster 7 at starbase in texas
rt : watch live tv &amp; stream your favorite shows in your tesla when parked
rt : safety is the primary design objective for our vehicles. your tesla monitors your surroundings, alerting you or taking correct…
rt : tesla’s impact in california →
rt : 2022 was a huge year for evs. thank you to tesla owners, supporters &amp; employees for helping us accelerate the world’s transiti…
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 114 spacecraft to orbit →
rt : falcon heavy in the hangar at launch complex 39a in florida
rt : falcon 9 launches 54 starlink satellites to low-earth orbit; completes spacex’s 60th mission of 2022!
rt : s3xy winter testing in new zealand 🇳🇿❄️
rt : liftoff!
rt : tesla ecosystem
rt : congrats to the 4680 cell team on achieving 868k cells built in the last 7 days—equal to 1k+ cars! 🔋
rt : twitter files thread: the spies who loved twitter:
rt : notes on a friday night:
rt : giga texas is alive ⚡️🚘
rt : track mode coming to model y performance
rt : every tesla has an electronic powertrain that provides instant torque control—enabling more control &amp; stability in winter condit…
rt : holy sheep shit. the government was actually paying twitter to censor people. , maybe there is a way to make twi…
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the a shortfall of gravitas droneship
rt : today, we’re rolling out twitter blue for business, a new program that lets businesses distinguish their brands and ke…
rt : be your own utility with solar &amp; powerwall →
rt : we’ve completed 500k+ solar panel and solar roof installations—that’s equal to ~4 gw of clean energy ☀️
rt : starlink now has more than 1,000,000 active subscribers – thank you to all customers and members of the starlink team who contr…
rt : 1. twitter files: part 7 the fbi &amp; the hunter biden laptop how the fbi &amp; intelligence community discredited factual…
rt : congrats to the giga berlin team on building 3k model y this week!
rt : a warm welcome to all the newest converts to the great american cause of free speech!
rt : argentina takes the lead in the 108th minute 😱
rt : all of us history has occurred within a single pluto orbit
rt : falcon 9 launches the surface water and ocean topography (swot) mission to orbit; first stage booster returns to earth
rt : tesla electric lets powerwall owners generate, use &amp; export sustainable power to run their homes
rt : ship 24 completes a single-engine static fire test at starbase in texas
rt : introducing tesla electric, the electricity plan that offers low-cost clean energy for homes with powerwall—starting in texas →…
rt : giga texas hits 3k model y builds/week. congrats, tesla team! 🤘
rt : starlink will provide high-speed internet to the in saskatchewan, canada starting next year
rt : we're now targeting no earlier than 6:46am et (1146 utc) on friday, dec. 16, for launch of the surface water and ocean topography…
rt :
rt : semi's cabin is significantly bigger than that of traditional heavy trucks, with lots of storage and easy access
rt : watch falcon 9 launch ispace’s hakuto-r mission 1 to a lunar transfer orbit →
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on landing zone 2
rt : deployment of ispace’s hakuto-r mission 1 confirmed
rt : liftoff!
rt : beginning today, community notes are visible around the world 🌎🌍🌏
rt : 40 megapack units balance the grid in lessines, belgium—making it the biggest operational energy storage system in continental e…
rt : stage separation
rt : falcon 9's first stage has landed
rt : liftoff!
rt : 月旅行のクルーが決まりました！ crew for moon trip selected!!
rt : starlink started providing high-speed, low-latency internet to passengers during flights on the first jet this week! ht…
rt : configurator now live in thailand 🇹🇭 →
rt :
rt : tesla semi is super quiet while pulling the float. pretty insane to see this as the future. the exhaust and engine aren’…
rt : delivered our first tesla semis last week ✌️
rt : teams completed additional vehicle inspections and reviews; rocket and payload are looking good for launch of the h…
rt : despite 30 knot winds at the allan hills, antarctica, where ice cores up to 2,700,000 years old have been found, st…
rt : calling all businesses and professionals 📣 visit our smb resources page to download the guide to getting the most out…
rt : tesla semi driving 500 miles, fully loaded, on a single charge
rt : thank you for joining our live stream to hear about the progress the team has made in the last year. in case you missed it,…
rt : twitter 2.0: same mission. faster innovation. more transparency.
rt : falcon 9 is vertical on pad 40 in florida ahead of launch of the hakuto-r mission 1 – the first privately-led japan…
rt : "we look forward to a world founded upon four essential human freedoms. the first is freedom of speech and expression—everywher…
rt : dragon separation confirmed; autonomous docking to the on sunday, november 27 at ~7:30 a.m. et
rt : happy thanksgiving! thanks to the tesla team, owners and fans for helping us accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable…
rt : falcon 9 launches dragon to the
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the just read the instructions droneship
rt : stronger roi for advertisers. relevant ads for everyone. new twitter solutions are now live 👇
rt : liftoff!
rt : liftoff!
rt : deployment of eutelsat 10b confirmed
rt : inside tesla exhibit at petersen automotive museum opens tomorrow
rt : 40k superchargers around the world — and counting
rt : twitter servers right now
rt : live now: the era of exploration begins today with i, the first integrated test flight of the rocket and sp…
rt :
rt : model s received the highest overall score from euro ncap among any vehicle tested under the current protocol →
rt : join our growing team installing solar + powerwall across the us →
rt : tesla solar and powerwall can power your home &amp; reduce your dependence on the grid – at the lowest price in the us → https:…
rt : deployment of galaxy 31 confirmed
rt : liftoff!
rt : happy veterans day to all those who have served!
rt : in pursuit of our mission, today we are opening up our ev connector design →
rt :
rt : meet megafactory, our new megapack factory in lathrop, ca 🔋🔋🔋
rt : view all destination chargers →
rt : design &amp; manufacture actuators for our optimus robot!
rt : full-scale hyperloop testing has begun
rt : life at starbase
rt : the entitled elite is not mad that they have to pay $8/month. they’re mad that anyone can pay $8/month.
rt : deployment of eutelsat hotbird 13g confirmed
rt : wow that was amazing,
rt : falcon heavy launches ussf-44 to orbit, and its two side boosters return to earth – spacex's 50th mission of 2022
rt : falcon heavy rolling up the ramp ahead of tomorrow’s targeted launch of the ussf-44 mission; weather is 90% favorable for lifto…
rt : happy halloween 🎃 🎥 transformerskids on instagram
rt : 20k model y built at giga texas to date!
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the of course i still love you droneship
rt : solar + powerwall ensures you never lose power, even if the grid goes down 🎥
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 53 starlink satellites →
rt : liftoff!
rt : at twitter headquarters’ coffee bar, ⁦⁩
rt : starlink is now available in jamaica →
rt : falcon heavy in the hangar at launch complex 39a
rt : how the borders have changed over time
rt : vote for new supercharger locations →
rt : launch and catch tower stacking starship at starbase
rt : our most advanced paint system yet, allowing up to 13 layers for depth, dimension &amp; a hand-painted look
rt : deployment of 54 starlink satellites confirmed
rt : 10 years of supercharging. 46 countries. 35k+ stalls. 20 billion miles charged. 🚘⚡️
rt : tesla semi deliveries are scheduled to begin in december 2022
rt : q3 earnings call →
rt : spacex’s rideshare program’s redesigned payload configuration offers more opportunities for smallsat providers to catch a ride…
rt : deployment of eutelsat hotbird 13f confirmed
rt :
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the just read the instructions droneship
rt : liftoff!
rt : dennis and akiko tito are the first two crewmembers on starship’s second commercial spaceflight around the moon →
rt : main parachutes have deployed
rt : dragon separation confirmed!
rt : starship 24 and booster 7 fully stacked on the orbital launch pad at starbase
rt : view from the droneship of falcon 9’s launch and landing
rt : starlink が日本でのサービスを開始しました － アジアでは初めてのサービス国です →
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the a shortfall of gravitas droneship - the 14th launch and landing of this booster! https…
rt : the station now has 11 crew members with the arrival of the four members today. they'll work in space con…
rt : the brain of your tesla: neural networks with 1 billion parameters, completing 144 trillion operations per second
rt : watch falcon 9 launch dragon and crew-5 to the →
rt : meet crew-5
rt : crew-5, spacex, and completed a full rehearsal of launch day activities
rt : 2k model y built at giga berlin this week 🤘
rt :
rt : tesla bot coming out and dancing 🤣
rt : ai day tomorrow
rt : powerwall ftw!
rt : impact success! watch from ’s draco camera, as the vending machine-sized spacecraft successfully collides with astero…
rt : falcon 9 launches 52 starlink satellites to orbit
rt : tesla model y receives highest safety score of any vehicle ever tested
rt : enter your destination &amp; your tesla will automatically include supercharging stops in your route
rt : falcon 9 launches starlink to orbit for spacex’s sixth launch this month
i somewhat agonized over the tesla &amp; spacex font design (love fonts tbh). there are some similarities, particularly use of negative space. we’ve made many little tweaks over the years.
rt : 🎨🏭
rt : extreme heat and durability testing in dubai 🐫
rt : watch live as elon and ceo and president mike sievert announce plans to increase connectivity →
rt : starlink is now available in norway! additionally, to better reflect parity in purchasing power across our customers, we’ve adj…
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 53 starlink satellites to orbit →
rt : shots from the of dragon's departure
rt : separation confirmed! dragon will perform three departure burns to move away from the
rt : first model y deliveries in australia 🇦🇺 and new zealand 🇳🇿
rt : sky perfect jsat has selected starship for launch of its superbird-9 communications satellite!
i will seek out one of these “mars bars” tomorrow!
10.69 is 🔥🔥
rt : static fire test of two raptor engines on starship 24
production is a much bigger challenge than demand
rt : team at starbase completed a single raptor engine static fire test of super heavy booster 7 on the orbital launch pad
rt : 2022 annual shareholder meeting →
rt : livestream the 2022 annual tesla shareholder meeting today at 4:30pm ct
thanksgiving last year after watching one too many episodes of vikings
would be unwise to risk that it is not
some people are no nonsense, but, personally, i like a little nonsense
the amount of attention on me has gone supernova, which super sucks. unfortunately, even trivial articles about me generate a lot of clicks :( will try my best to be heads down focused on doing useful things for civilization.
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the of course i still love you droneship – marking spacex’s second launch and landing from…
rt : nasa has selected falcon heavy to launch the roman space telescope, which is designed to study dark energy and dark matter, sea…
from sjm
rt : falcon 9 has completed 31 missions so far this year, delivering ~351 metric tons to orbit – carrying astronauts &amp; research to t…
rt : falcon 9 launches dragon to the
rt : tomorrow at 8:44pm et, 's 25th cargo resupply mission will lift off from launch complex 39a. weather officials cont…
rt : in dog mode, air conditioning will stay on while the car is locked, keeping your pets safe &amp; comfortable
rt : liftoff!
rt : in addition to withstanding extreme cold, heat, hail, sleet, heavy rain, and gale force winds, starlink is rugged enough to wit…
cool, congrats! now the simulators will have to spend more money on rendering.
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 53 starlink satellites to orbit →
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 53 starlink satellites to low-earth orbit →
structural pack is the right overall architecture from a physics standpoint, but it is still far from optimized
rt : liftoff!
awe no, i’m busted!
words are beautiful
rt : one step closer to the first orbital flight test of starship
gwynne is the best
rt : city views from model y
rt : awesome to see how people are using starlink for rvs! 30,000 orders and counting →
rt : falcon 9 launches the nilesat 301 communications satellite to a geosynchronous transfer orbit from florida
rt : hepa air filter in model y, s and x removes &gt;99.97% of dust, pollen, mold, bacteria and any airborne particles
rt : tesla navigation will now take predicted crosswind, headwind, humidity &amp; temperature into account for calculating battery % on a…
rt : two years ago yesterday, spacex launched its first human spaceflight to the
earth could sustain many times its current human population and the ecosystem would be fine. we definitely don’t have “too many people”.
rt : starship 24 rolls out to the pad at starbase
rt : first two countries in africa with starlink regulatory approval; starlink is now licensed on all seven continents!
they should pretend to work somewhere else
true
tesla will not put a manufacturing plant in any location where we are not allowed first to sell &amp; service cars
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on landing zone 1 – spacex’s 22nd launch and landing of 2022!
yes
yikes. def not me.
rt : “astronomical waste” likely the most important paper ever written:
he can be a little negative at times tbh
rt : it’s ideal for travel or camping to any location internet access has been unreliable or completely unavailable →
rt : -conversei há pouco com , que visita o brasil a convite do ministro . entre outros assuntos, trata…
i’ve just switched from moderate d to moderate r, as i think many independent voters have done. we will know the magnitude of this trend in november. i think it’s big.
tesla fsd is the best real world ai
rt : daily reminder that your brain on twitter is being hijacked by an algorithm designed to do one thing: maximise engagement.…
please include links to cases you have tried
rt : select supercharger stations now open to non-tesla evs in belgium 🇧🇪, the uk 🇬🇧, austria 🇦🇹, spain 🇪🇸 and sweden 🇸🇪
this is what most people in america want, but unfortunately it’s not realistic. generally, the party with less power (currently republicans at national level) moves more toward center to win moderate votes, so control of house/senate/president goes back &amp; forth over time.
rt : fresh interview, courtesy :
bullsh*t baffles brains
rt : back-to-back falcon 9 launches of starlink within 24 hours, completing spacex's 19th and 20th launches of the year
tried tiktok, but it’s not winding my ⏰
🤣🤣 hi chad, long time no see! fine, if you touch my wiener, you can have a horse.
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the just read the instructions droneship
rt : liftoff!
twitter claims that &gt;95% of daily active users are real, unique humans. does anyone have that experience?
rt : we created nearly 100k direct new jobs in just one decade – and are planning to grow for years to come ✌
rt : the future is undoubtedly electric → 2021 impact report
probably this weekend. lot of code updates means much is discovered during testing.
rt : the deorbit burn has begun and the astronauts are one step closer to coming home.
rt : dragon separation confirmed! the spacecraft will now execute four departure burns to move away from the . dragon…
not true. overwhelmingly, the world will choose batteries.
if that’s true, it would make me very happy!
rt : tesla's 2022 annual shareholder meeting will be on august 4th in austin, tx. thank you for your support of tesla!
authentication is important, but so is anonymity for many. a balance must be struck.
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 53 starlink satellites to orbit →
rt : tesla cyber rodeo
rt : video of dragon’s draco thrusters moving the spacecraft closer to the
attacks are coming thick and fast, primarily from the left, which is no surprise, however i should be clear that the right will probably be a little unhappy too. my goal is to maximize area under the curve of total human happiness, which means the ~80% of people in the middle.
rt : crew-4 on orbit
rt : astronauts arrive at launch complex 39a ahead of flight
rt : watch falcon 9 launch dragon and the crew-4 astronauts to the →
rt : the four astronauts of are set to launch to our orbiting laboratory on april 27 at 3:52am et (7:52 utc). join us right no…
rt : docking confirmed!
rt : weather is 90% favorable for tomorrow’s falcon 9 launch of dragon and the crew-4 astronauts. webcast will go live at 12:00 a.m.…
release notes on this version will be long
rt : hyperloop testing at full-scale begins later this year.
rt : watch dragon and the ax-1 astronauts depart the and return to earth →
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the just read the instructions droneship, completing this booster’s 12th launch and landin…
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 53 starlink satellites to orbit →
certainly physically possible. we’re working on bridging broken links between brain &amp; body. neuralinks in motor &amp; sensory cortex bridging past weak/broken links in neck/spine to neuralinks in spinal cord should theoretically be able to restore full body functionality.
starlink satellites deployed into initial parking orbit
thanks for the support!
rt : photos from the of dragon and the ax-1 astronauts approaching the orbiting laboratory before docking on saturday…
rt : thank you to everyone who came out to celebrate the first giga texas deliveries and party with us. yeehaw!
exactly, block size &amp; time should keep pace with the rest of the internet
rt : docking confirmed!
rt : watch dragon and the ax-1 crew dock with the →
rt : the dragon endeavour with four astronauts is holding 20 meters away from the station as the station…
lmaooo
rt : this takes commerce to a whole new level. 's mission is on its way to the in 's dragon end…
rt : ax-1 on orbit
tunnels anyone?
it’s a real problem
rt : all systems are looking good for tomorrow’s falcon 9 launch of the ax-1 mission to the ; teams are k…
rt : return to space (on netflix april 7) elon musk and spacex engineers embark on a historic mission to return nasa astronauts…
rt : falcon 9 and dragon vertical at 39a; targeting friday, april 8 for launch of ax-1 →
rt : flying through giga berlin
rt : targeting friday, april 1 for launch of our fourth dedicated smallsat rideshare mission; teams are keeping an eye on weather as…
rt : payloads for our upcoming fourth dedicated smallsat rideshare mission – transporter-4 – were encapsulated into falcon 9’s fairi…
going out tonight for 99 scores
rt : nasa has ordered six additional resupply missions from spacex! dragon will continue to deliver critical cargo an…
tiktok feels like such an obvious ai attack that it’s annoying. i prefer to be attacked by ai with subtlety – maybe a rose, some candles, wine, barry white, witty banter, that sort of thing …
rt : this is the first time a falcon 9 first stage has launched and landed 12 times!
old, but good
rt : starship full stack propellant load testing at starbase
me encanta el mariachi!
rt : giga berlin darf eröffnen 🇩🇪🚘 come join the team!
another starlink launch tomorrow
exactly
you will be in the future
rt : this was our 9th falcon 9 launch in the first 9 weeks of 2022
rt : deployment of 47 starlink satellites confirmed
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 47 starlink satellites to orbit →
rt : solar roof lets you become your own renewable energy utility. generate clean energy and drive on solar. 📸: on ig h…
solar panels + battery pack better than generator, as no heat signature or smoke &amp; doesn’t run out of fuel
rt : the people of tonga were recently connected with starlink
their negative gross margin will be staggering
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 50 starlink satellites to orbit →
lidar is a seductive local maximum. spacex designed &amp; built them to dock with iss. however, the road system was designed to work with biological neural nets &amp; eyes, so a general solution to self-driving necessarily will require silicon neural nets &amp; cameras. real-world ai.
rt : liftoff!
yeah
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 46 starlink satellites to orbit →
if south padre and/or brownsville would like a starship prototype, we can send one over
rt : launch and catch tower at starbase destacking starship
rt : you can now customize how your tesla appears on the screen and app with the car colorizer
rt : celebrating our one millionth 4680 cell in january
april 1st
system is working well in australia &amp; new zealand
rt : exciting time in commercial spaceflight. polaris program will undertake a series of tech demo 🐉 missions culminating in f…
rt : a fully and rapidly reusable launch vehicle is key to a future in which humanity is out exploring the stars
rt : the launch tower at starbase will help stack starship and catch the super heavy rocket booster
rt : watch live as elon provides an update on the development of starship →
rt : raptor 2 generates more than 230 tons of thrust at sea level, up from raptor 1’s 185 tons
good question!
we dropped the ball badly regarding new model x production ramp &amp; still haven’t fully recovered. was idiotic to stop production of old x in dec 2020 when there was still plenty of demand!
nice!
starship aspires to be the first fully reusable orbital launch vehicle, the holy grail of rocketry. this is the critical breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary.
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 49 starlink satellites to orbit →
rt : watch falcon 9 launch nrol-87 to orbit →
sigh
high latitudes are operational probably this summer
this is twice the area of our standard phased array with broader scan angle
rt : view of falcon 9's stage separation from ground cameras
tesla is as much a software company as it is a hardware company, both in car and in factory. this is not widely understood.
rt : liftoff!
manganese also requires less lithium, as it operates at higher voltage
disney in the streets, euphoria in the sheets
rt : non-tesla vehicles can now charge at select superchargers in france and norway via the tesla app. learn more at
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on landing zone 1
rt : graffiti art at giga berlin
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
rt : falcon 9 launches 105 spacecraft to orbit and lands at landing zone 1
big difference
rt : drive anywhere in the us using the supercharger network, now in all 50 states
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 49 starlink satellites to orbit →
major improvement!
rt : complete list of features here. happy holidays! →
when the 10b preprogrammed sales complete. there are still a few tranches left, but almost done.
rt : stage separation confirmed! the dragon is now floating freely and flying toward the with science, supplies…
game on
rt : two falcon 9 launches completed in ~15 hours
long way to go to perfect it, but starship is really next-level
looks like twitter is compressing the image
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 52 starlink satellites to orbit →
the ship is just begging for three more vacuum engines to be added. tanks will stretch for more propellant load.
starship super heavy engine steering test
this is such a deeply messed up lie to the american people. she is the one freeloading off taxpayers, while i’m paying the largest amount of tax of any individual in history. is really someone we want as a us senator?
thanks
what a hypocrite!
thank you!
rt : more photos from last night's falcon 9 launch of 's ixpe mission to better understand black holes, neutron stars, and othe…
very impressive development history
thinking of quitting my jobs &amp; becoming an influencer full-time wdyt
rt : all systems and weather are looking good ahead of tonight’s launch of ixpe for
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 48 starlink satellites and two blacksky spacecraft to orbit →
this is scary, something’s got to give
rt : targeting tonight at 6:12 p.m. est for a falcon 9 launch of 48 starlink satellites and 2 blacksky spacecraft to orbit from slc-…
this will look so awesome!
rt : new solar roof tiles can deliver a 22% increase in power, resulting in more energy offset
i love a great whine
yes
this is true. also, tesla employees get health insurance, stock &amp; other benefits.
must be nice living in cloud cuckoo land
it has always been tesla’s view that all subsidies should be eliminated, but that must include the massive subsidies for oil &amp; gas. for some reason, governments don’t want to do that …
rt : more photos from last night's falcon 9 launch of 's double asteroid redirection test →
rt : deployment confirmed, ’s dart is on its way to redirect an asteroid
rt : all systems and weather are looking good for tonight’s falcon 9 launch of ’s dart into an asteroid-intercepting interplane…
rt : watch falcon 9 launch ’s dart mission – humanity’s first planetary defense test to redirect an asteroid
it’s like if you want to buy a parrot 🦜
should be coming back online now. looks like we may have accidentally increased verbosity of network traffic. apologies, we will take measures to ensure this doesn’t happen again.
rt : static fire test complete – targeting tuesday, november 23 at 10:21 p.m. pt for falcon 9’s launch of ’s double asteroid re…
rt : we surveyed car owners to find the most satisfying vehicles on the road. rounding out the top 3 were the tesla model…
rt : watch falcon 9 launch 53 starlink satellites to orbit →
rt : first 6-engine static fire test of starship
super proud of the great work by the spacex team!
exactly
thinking of doing a podcast “hardcore history” style that tells what really happened at tesla in those early years
rt : four new astronauts through the hatch and seven crewmembers total on the ! after almost exactly a day from launch,…
rt : watch falcon 9 launch dragon with four astronauts on board to the →
rt : 30k superchargers around the world — and counting
rt : jupiter, saturn, the moon, and venus above falcon and dragon tonight
rt : watch dragon depart the and return to earth with crew-2 astronauts →
rt : crew-2 astronauts have donned their spacesuits ahead of dragon's reentry into the earth's atmosphere
rt : this is what teamwork sounds like. as 's crew dragon endeavour begins its flyaround of the , s…
rt : after a six-month stay, dragon and the crew-2 astronauts are set to depart the today at ~2:00 p.m. et →
rt : following crew-2’s return to earth, falcon 9 will launch dragon’s third long-duration crew mission to the as soo…
rt : happy halloween 🎃
♥️♥️♥️
rt : falcon 9 and dragon are looking good for sunday morning’s launch. weather forecast is 80% favorable for liftoff, while teams ar…
rt : crew-3 astronauts, spacex, and completed a full rehearsal of launch day activities
rt : timelapse of falcon 9 and dragon going vertical
rt : falcon 9 and dragon vertical on launch complex 39a
if i send you 2 doge, will you promise to send me 1 doge?
rt : endurance has arrived at the hangar! we can’t wait to ride this dragon to the in a few days… htt…
rt : gateway to mars
this is more important than it may seem at first
rt : first firing of a raptor vacuum engine integrated onto a starship
interesting
if all goes well, starship will be ready for its first orbital launch attempt next month, pending regulatory approval
rt : vegas loop is expanding - 29 miles and 51 stations! thanks to the clark county team for the great partnership and to th…
rt : crew-3 astronauts test out their flight hardware ahead of launch later this month
death note, evangelion, ghost in the shell, spirited away, princess mononoke, full metal alchemist, your name
there is something great about the cessna 172/182 design
rt : party at
rt : giga berlin right now 😳🤯
rt : tesla shareholder meeting
rt : after its ~one-month stay at the , the dragon spacecraft supporting spacex’s 23rd resupply mission for will…
rt : nyc as seen through model y glass roof 📸:
rt : more pics from return →
ai used to be , until last year
absolutely! tesla team rocks 💕
rt : the moment when me and my amazing crew, , , opened up the cupola fo…
rt : solar roof powers buffalo heritage carousel in ny 🌞
10.1 should solve that last cone issue
rt : splashdown! welcome back to planet earth, !
rt : dragon has entered its last orbit before reentry and splashdown →
rt : orbital moonrise
this engine needs to be 10x lower cost. order of magnitude change is good reason for a new name. what really matters is not yet another “advanced” rocket engine, as there are many such devices, but there has never been a cheap (&lt;$1000/ton-force) rocket engine. not even close
rt : our crew chatted from space with the patients of ! watch the event here: support st. jud…
sorry it was cold! dragon will have a food warmer &amp; free wifi next time :)
rt : the crew will share a live on-orbit update about their multi-day journey aboard the dragon spacecraft at ~5:00 p…
rt : the crew is set to return to earth on saturday, september 18 with a targeted splashdown at 7:06 p.m. edt in the…
rt : the crew of had an incredible first day in space! they’ve completed more than 15 orbits around planet eart…
rt : view from dragon’s cupola
rt : during their multi-day journey, the crew will conduct scientific research designed to advance human health on ea…
rt : crew send off before they make their way to launch complex 39a
rt : all systems and weather are looking good for today’s falcon 9 launch of dragon’s first all-civilian spaceflight. webcast will g…
rt : falcon 9 and dragon on pad 39a in florida. five-hour launch window for opens at 8:02 p.m. edt on september 15 ht…
rt : dragon’s first all-civilian crew
yeah
fsd 10 predicts height from video pixels directly, without needing to classify groups of pixels into objects. in principle, even if a ufo crashed on the road right in front of you, it would still avoid the debris. some work still needed to tune sensitivity.
rt : our crew has completed astronaut training at ’s headquarters in hawthorne, ca and is en route to ke…
rt : falcon 9 and dragon in the hangar at launch complex 39a ahead of launching
rt : on sept 6, you’ll meet the four civilians going into space. on sept 13, you’ll see them prepare. on sept 15, you’ll watch the…
tesla audio engineering is great
rt : starbase 2023.
korolev was amazing
that is the aspiration, but we need to be cautious. safety is always paramount at tesla.
2021 has been the year of super crazy supply chain shortages, so it wouldn’t matter if we had 17 new products, as none would ship. assuming 2022 is not mega drama, new roadster should ship in 2023.
i mostly run alpha software in my car, which is not meant for public consumption. a few days before release, i switch my car to what public will experience.
looks promising that beta 10.1, about 2 weeks later, will be good enough for public opt in request button
so you’re actually proud of it. interesting. frankly, i doubt that a majority of the german public supports this. have you run a poll? surely it is a violation of the sovereignty of italy for germany to transport vast numbers of illegal immigrants to italian soil? has invasion
sounds a lot more like human trafficking than saving lives.
this can’t go on forever
newspapers basically just report on what they read yesterday on x lmao
i should send them a thank you note
watch out lol
i don’t read the legacy media propaganda much anymore. it’s a waste of time and a sadness generator. just get my news from x – much more immediate, has actual world-class subject matter experts and tons of humor. sooo much better!
absolutely
great line
judge someone by the virtues of those who love them and the vices of those who hate them
peskin should be thrown out of town
every time they write a hit piece, x grows stronger
that was at the spacex texas rocket test site about 4 years ago. we’ve been there since 2002.
boring progress
pronouns in bio means the woke mind virus ate your brain
just for the record, my boots are 20 years old and my hat is ten years old. and i have an arsenal of weapons, most of which i bought in california before they changed the law to make it impossible to do so. i’ve hip-fired a 50 cal while walking. might have the video somewhere.
because they love censorship and manipulating public opinion
so many people dying for no gains, just like ww1
as predicted
the more they claim that x is failing, the more they damage what little credibility they have, and the more x grows
the city is flooding and this is their priority?
$12b is a lot of money, and the mayor has already said important services for new yorkers will be affected, but that is nothing compared to what it will cost if we continue to have open borders.
good question. really should be upgraded.
congratulations to all the teams competing in ! thank you, president , for the invitation. i look forward to attending in person next year, as well as discussing further opportunities for investment in türkiye.
what about the super ego?
progress
is this true even if age is held constant?
what would orwell think? wwot any title or name of org that fits easily into 1984 is highly likely to mean the opposite.
improving subscriber features
this is awesome
why is this happening?
what a tool
fixing
yeah
you should do it too!
absolutely
interesting
how does mashable continue to exist?
it’s insane
true many times
can she even find the border on a map?
exactly
stream on x!
oh no, not that too (sigh). something needs to be done though.
probably true, although the sinister to incompetence ratio is up for debate. what do you think is the explanation?
it should be a criminal offense for all involved
unreal
not for myself, but to bring awareness to others. it cannot happen again.
exactly
thanks linda!
exactly
in case anyone wants to listen, this is the best version of the talk:
thanks for the edit!
dean preston should go to prison
men are killing themselves from sadness
thanks for bringing this up
sounds pretty bad
agreed
but only if we all make it so
good for you. america has always condemned use of cluster bombs, because they result in civilian casualties even long after the war is over. how can we now advocate their use?
i hope that many people around the world engage in citizen journalism
wow, we look super young haha
biden isn’t even trying to find out what’s going on!
situation is beyond insane &amp; growing fast
good
hopefully, there will be a thriving base on mars in 15 years!
true
fermi was incredible
absolutely
notes ftw again
interesting
schiff knows a lot about posting misinformation – he’s an expert at doing it!
please encourage more citizen journalism! you can do live video easily from your phone. more on-the-ground reporting from regular citizens will change the world.
you are correct. serving in the military there is not optional.
the numbers are going nuclear
almost all of it is vestigial. “trust &amp; safety”.
yeah
sigh
true
america has a border czar? sure doesn’t seem like it based on what’s going on at the actual border!
same
thanks for making an improved version!
great!
yeah!
true
accurate
i hope people around the world engage in citizen journalism, so we know what’s truly happening and we get real-time, on-the-ground coverage!
thanks
the border crisis is worse every day! new york city is buckling under the load already.
went to the eagle pass border crossing to see what’s really going on
good summary
recruit great people on the x platform!
should be illuminating
why do so many american politicians from both parties care 100 times more about the ukraine border than the usa border?
good question
creators can now enable dms from subscribers only. being able to talk to your favorite creator is a great reason to subscribe!
such a crazy situation!
that’s the right approach
interesting
exactly
true
definitely
yeah
we will do whatever it takes for x to be the best platform for creators!
eagle pass
just arriving at eagle pass. will start x livestream soon, so you can see the border situation in real-time.
tragic
early stages of the x recruiting platform
same
one day
what if someone steals your anti-matter to blow up a giant pile of dan brown novels?
niche audience, but i like it
i first read that as … never mind
first, please allow me to congratulate you on these epic achievements. however, have you considered, rather than “funeral assistance”, that fema focus its funding on preventing funerals in the first place?
at the risk of saying something mind-blowing, if criminals are not incarcerated, then they will continue to commit crimes
unfortunately, still working. will have to postpone to tomorrow.
this man has immense power – let that sink in
i take it back – you’re obviously a genius
progress
sorry, still doing work. probably live-streaming in around 1am ct.
yeah
so funny 🤣
looks kinda cool. i’d buy one.
really?
running for president is a no-lose proposition for most of the candidates. almost entirely upside.
kara should take it easy on the adderall – foaming at the mouth is just not a good look 😂
vivek is saying interesting things
it’s a great game with beautiful style
by “speedrun”, i mean complete fairly quickly for an amateur. please keep expectations low 😂.
yeah
definitely
tucker carlson interviews bill o’reilly
yes. we obviously still need some key features like screen sharing and multi-cam overlay.
my heart is pure angel 👼
3 weeks notice?
i figured he could only nail one testicle in a worst case case scenario
will test x livestream scaling tonight at ~11pm ct with some silly stuff. people have asked me to stream myself playing video games, so i will try to speedrun a tier 99 nightmare dungeon on diablo (with no malignant hearts).
an indictment a day keeps the election away
this thread is a meme goldmine
something needs to be done. it is a severe crisis.
true
yeah
pretty much
exactly
same
seriously, it’s time for mitch to move on
how can someone who is clearly experiencing aneurysms – live on tv –have authority for critical decisions that affect the world? real question.
mitch has lost his marbles
yeah
true
something doesn’t add up
maybe instagram is inflating their user numbers
interesting
the future should look like the future
this unfortunately happens a lot
that’s what happens in a clown world
“boycott” is sexist. should just be “cott”.
way harder to remember than 99% of passwords
haven’t seen that in a while
does seem like a lot of dudes
“the competition is coming”
interesting
absolutely. most of the (very long) border is super inconvenient, however the convenient parts of the border need walls and that’s not hard.
lmaooo
starlink needs to be a civilian network, not a participant to combat. starshield will be owned by the us government and controlled by dod space force. this is the right order of things.
whoa
cool
sigh
go woke, go broke …
oh you mean the “election integrity” team that was undermining election integrity? yeah, they’re gone.
and a hava nagila sing-off!
we actually do need a wall and we need to require people to have some shred of evidence to claim asylum to enter, as everyone is doing that. it’s a hack that you can literally google to know exactly what to say! will find out more when i visit eagle pass maybe as soon as
the (usa) border needs to be secured. this is not a partisan issue – even the elected democrat party leaders of new york are saying this is a severe crisis.
true
so just plain destruction in the end
this is insane
nasa broadcasting live on x!
she’s just not that smart
america is going full joker
tough one, but i’m thinkin … b
good question
interesting …
exactly. the only way the deficit actually gets paid is taxing the living daylights out of everyone.
and why is sweden even alive? they never had even one lockdown! have to admire sweden for not buckling under pressure pressure from every direction.
what could possibly go wrong?
exactly
yeah
and it is getting worse fast
important
which then makes cars unaffordable, which leads to major sales drop, which leads to bankruptcy.
unreal
she’s an epic liar
i had a little yorkie for many years who was very territorial. i would warn friends to watch out for the dog, then they would see him him and laugh, then he would bite them on the ankle 🤣 i named him hobbes, because he was nasty, brutish and short, but i loved him nonetheless.
what could go wrong?
i use this example a lot
given that major elected leaders in the left are saying that this is a severe crisis, it is obviously a non-partisan issue! the unprecedented influx is causing even new york to buckle under the strain.
yeah
maybe he could also pop over to see our southern border at some point
i’m doing my best
absolutely. it is unequivocally clear.
the ai era is swiftly becoming real for the general public
kids love cybertruck
they want a 40% pay raise *and* a 32 hour workweek. sure way to drive gm, ford and chrysler bankrupt in the fast lane.
sure seems that way
true
unless i’m missing something, russia is showing no signs of withdrawing. on the other hand, the idea that russia can roll over areas of ukraine (or other countries) that are not mostly russian-speaking is also false. quod erat demonstrandum.
well said.
such a great video
yeah
every silver lining has a cloud
amazing
has she injured herself? if not, probably just trolling.
my concern was more the outrageous demand that people *must* take the vaccine and multiple boosters to do anything at all. that was messed up. until the supreme court invalidated biden’s exec order, spacex and many other companies would have been forced to fire anyone who
have you heard dis information?
good question
yeah
i hugged him because the kids asked
yeah. now that debt has already risen by $4t.
d-day indeed
frankly, if he did, just let him have the win
i spoke with rep tony gonzales tonight – he confirmed that it is a serious issue. they are being overwhelmed by unprecedented numbers – just hit an all-time high and still growing! am going to visit eagle pass later this week to see what’s going on for myself.
we definitely need to add this to our merch collection 😂
same 🔥
great story
don’t want to blow their minds, but there is a slight possibility that not everything is russian disinformation
i sometimes wonder if perhaps rome was started by exiles from troy. it’s not completely out of the question. at some point in antiquity, a few ships of very competent soldiers (with almost no women) landed on the coast of italy. where did they come from?
there is no question at this point that they have failed very badly, so they need to go
deep real, instead of deep fake
so true. everyone should watch that movie and idiocracy too. frankly, president camacho is sounding quite appealing these days compared to some other options.
true
of course i still love you (ocisly)
that’s the ticket for interstellar journeys
amazing
the absurdity of reality is making parody almost impossible
yeah
same
we will
a classic
feels like there should be a … walk into a bar joke
yeah
wild times ahead
yeah
yeah, we need some new ones
it will do the ballet one day
yeah, getting worse every year
strange days, to say the least
cool
yeah
the actual roman empire, especially the decline &amp; fall. the 1946 edition of gibbon has the best book spine art i’ve ever seen.
i agree. it’s a great look.
cool
cool
ancestors, please give us your guidance! [splashing sounds]
yeah
wings can flex to crazy levels
good idea
there is value in someone being a reliable contra-indicator
being bronze at league, despite playing it a lot, should have been a massive red flag
cool
we are also simplifying the internal workflow, which is now less of a kafkaesque nightmare, and adding more resources to review user reports
true
good thing i’m never like that lol
the flower of youth die in trenches while old men dine in comfort
fake, but it should be real. great outfit!
how do people keep figuring out that it’s a cybertruck under the cover!? 😂
i just drove the performance cybertruck today and it kicks ass next-level
indeed
i love beautiful architecture
seriously. this actually happened.
i’m buying one!
the fox anchor is talking utter nonsense. i challenged putin to a physical fight over ukraine and spacex and provided massive support to ukraine, as the ukrainian government has repeatedly acknowledged.
he’s right
corporate compensation should be proportionate to success, just like it is for pro sports
the beauty of iphone pictures &amp; video is incredible
true
so many beautiful places in greece
yeah!
ron baron is awesome
great day :)
not far wrong 😂
this hits hard
i wish we were never down, but starlink will keep improving rapidly. our goal is a consistent &lt;20ms latency to major data centers within a region. this is extremely difficult, but we will get there. bandwidth will also improve with each generation of satellites and user
the people have had enough
if in doubt, blame me 😂
i wonder if it was software or hardware
this is pretty funny 😂
absolutely
that was a tough day
cool, although it’s kinda weird seeing so many close-up pics of my face 😂
i don’t want to be the boss of anyone
he was indeed, unlike the current president. i do miss him.
it is rather disappointing that he is exclusively pushing rumble when x has supported free speech just as much
works pretty well
good
cool
4k is definitely coming, but we need to complete several other features first
good
and they keep coming back for more 😂
don’t mess with tesla!
great game 😂 i had to stop playing, as it was using up too many neurons.
it’s high time for change!
encouraging progress towards a more peaceful world
almost all legacy media (aka the dnc cheering squad) relentlessly attacked trump as being heartless &amp; cruel for wanting to secure the border, even for policies that were unchanged from the obama administration!
interesting
good point
this is great for spontaneous video of anything from computer games to covering major world events!
cash? wow.
i will double that
long time ago!
if new york is already running out of room, the situation will be truly impossible next year
portnoy is right
the algorithm is trying to maximize unregretted user time on x, which is a good goal. if a link is very compelling and sent by many, you will see the link. and of course links always show up in the following tab.
the name was suggested by an advertising agency, but my fault for accepting it. it is very confusing, as the url could be zip2, ziptwo, zipto or ziptoo.
they are obviously not objective
this is gonna get crazy
it is very big and we are very smōl
there are times for almost all of us when neither has been good 😔
looks cool, i hope it is successful!
it should have all the features people have come to expect from group chats
it was an honor to meet. thailand has a very exciting future!
absolutely. also, dean preston needs to be fired. he is arguably the person most responsible for the destruction of san francisco.
this is actually possible from a technology standpoint. by far the biggest impediment is getting permits. construction is becoming practically illegal in north america and europe! and the measly incremental subway (or surface train) construction that has been done in recent
late stage civilization vibes
who funded him?
it is disturbing that a government agency would allow itself to be corrupted by politics. won’t pay off in the end.
most people (maybe all?) are instinctively moral relativists. if you’re perceived as being in the group, you can do no wrong, whereas those outside the group can do no right. this instinct can be overridden, but requires a strong commitment to truth over convenience.
indeed, action is what matters
interesting, will read
“there is no easy way from earth to the stars” – seneca 40 ad
midjourney will be releasing something significant soon
affordability is the top issue by far
so they’re saying don’t believe your eyes – ok – but what about the official government statistics that also show millions of people entering illegally?
she’s now using that money to fund far left activist group that hate people like her ex (sigh)
i hope so
one of the finest pieces of music ever. ave maria, bach’s air on piano and con te partirò are three of my all-time favorites.
yeah
so … what happens if we’re attacked when the weather is bad?
yikes
there is more to this than meets the eye. if the concern is actually sexual predation in the entertainment industry, that is a very long list. why and why now?
literally
fate loves irony, but hates hypocrisy
genius move
no other choice. the influx is so gigantic that it is overwhelming even major cities like new york.
true
this is roughly on par with all newspaper article views on earth
long form posts on this platform are now at 3 billion views per day and rising
this gets no coverage because the media npcs are instructed not to cover it
actual numbers are much higher. that’s just how many people border patrol encountered.
product matters. almost no one understands how much this platform will evolve. when something is useful &amp; entertaining, people use it.
awesome
they were somewhat forced into this position out of desperation, since google, facebook, craig’s list, etc (us too, a little) took most of their advertising revenue
good idea
this is hilarious coming from a magazine that doesn’t even exist anymore. when is the last time anyone saw a copy? their main purpose, and that of many other de facto defunct publications, is to manipulate public opinion by serving as a “mainstream media” source for wikipedia,
we held the biggest parties on campus. other parties were free, ours was $5, but worth it.
true
hear, hear!
interesting
bringing up a large training cluster of h100’s is currently extremely difficult. same was true of a100’s when they first came out, but now they run smoothly.
i love starbucks tbh
happy birthday bro 😎
fwiw, i asked talulah, who was in a movie with russell (st. trinian’s), if she had ever heard any negative rumors about him in this regard, as things circulate quickly on a movie set. she said he was always polite and gentlemanly to her, and was surprised to hear these
of course
that is unacceptable. it is absurd that spacex can build a giant rocket faster than they can shuffle paperwork!
they can’t say they want censorship, so they attack by other means
good for you
outrageous behavior by this minister of censorship!
up, down, strange, charm, beauty &amp; truth
good grief
exactly
this seems out of line. accusations do not mean someone is guilty. that is for the courts to decide.
i recommend posting some music or concert videos directly on the x platform
no other way to describe it. meanwhile, many actual crimes, some of great significance, go not merely unpunished, but not even investigated. something is rotten.
strange that there is almost no legacy media coverage of this. about 2 million people – from every country on earth – are entering through the us southern border every year. the number is rising rapidly, yet no preventive action is taken by the current administration.
when a neuralink is combined with optimus robot limbs, the luke skywalker solution can become real.
the first human patient will soon receive a neuralink device. this ultimately has the potential to restore full body movement. in the long term, neuralink hopes to play a role in ai risk civilizational risk reduction by improving human to ai (and human to human) bandwidth by
well said
and scores again
coming soon
exactly
the system is rotten
good for him and shame on those who condemned an innocent man
he is not suspended on this platform. “innocent until proven guilty” is a wise and fair maxim.
i often do not wish to be me
the latter
exactly
yeah
this would be next-level absurd. i’m not building a house of any kind anywhere.
interesting
17th landing
exactly
this is messed up
yeah, that was a psy op
just lucky 🍀
true
transparency ftw
bold
yeah
can’t beat real-time
a major part of the fall of rome was low birth rates
yeah. spacex doesn’t even use patents, except on rare occasions to stop trolls.
probably next year
exactly
tim cook gets it
hopefully interesting to many people
discussion with pm
ai discussion with , and in ~30 minutes
yet another utterly false article from wsj
giant difference, no matter how you count it
artificial intelligence discussion with pm netanyahu in an hour
lil x is my emotional support human
beautiful game
most people don’t understand that this is not a case of people from mexico entering the us, but anyone from earth
so much death for so little
looking into it
digging into this
looks like he’s got a trunk in the rear too lol
he doesn’t actually know me well. we’ve only met half a dozen times over 10+ years and have never worked together. the article misses the mark.
been there
terrible assessment by ferguson. he barely knows me. napoleon!? please. we’ve had a few friendly discussions over the years, but my standard for considering someone a friend requires far more than that. and we have never worked together, which is the true test.
who’s policies are responsible for this?
true
happy birthday! your posts are good. i hope you encourage others to venture forth!
true
how did most of the legacy media go from superheroes of free speech to supervillains of speech suppression?
yikes
accurate
who compiles this?
they should flash a warning at the start of the view that even watching small excerpts can put you to sleep
does that show still have a lot of viewers?
i love this strange sphere
bbs ftw
why does almost no one else in the media, besides you, ever say anything?
i support russell brand. that man is not evil.
for those considering putting their work on the x platform, consider that tucker carlson’s show when he was on tv, had single digit million viewers. strong by legacy news standards. views for his episodes on x now exceed the population of the united states. talk to earth via
very interesting talk that goes far beyond argentina in subjects discussed
sure seems that way!
exactly
💯 anchorman irl
hmm good question. why is it almost 100% men?
ask and you shall receive …
no kidding lol
aoc will get fired by the voters in her own district if she doesn’t stop with the bs chit-chat and support actual border controls. new york and many other cities are being overwhelmed by a tidal wave of illegal immigrants.
sounds like this might have some interesting nuggets
nice t-shirt
yup. and i recorded the dialogue late monday nights with trey, shows airing next day.
adds up over time
poetic justice
only 30 years ago
unreal
big problem!
coolest place on earth
deep 😂
gates must have had technical understanding at some point in his career, but has now left planet earth. he kept speaking nonsense about how long range semi was impossible, so i asked what his assumptions were for wh/mile of the vehicle and wh/kg for the battery. he did not know.
tell me i’m wrong 🤷‍♂️
an innocent man was murdered in cold blood while riding his bicycle. the killers joked about it on social media yet, where is the media outrage? now you begin to understand the lie.
may starship serve as a beacon of hope for the future
no more canceling. enough is enough.
why has the birth rate in italy been so low for so long? there won’t be any romans left at this rate.
not bad for a cold start in a foreign country. i’d never this test before.
lmaooo
it’s fine
did the people who deliberately tried to kill this cyclist go to jail?
the soros organization appears to want nothing less than the destruction of western civilization
congratulations tesla team! that’s a lot of cars.
sigh
i love odysseus most
he had a heell of a time!
at the risk of stating the obvious, i don’t know what’s going on with every part of this platform all the time, but our policy worldwide is to fight for maximum freedom of speech under the law. anyone working for x corp who does not operate according to this principle will be
i tried liking our cat, but the feeling wasn’t reciprocated. not even slightly. one day she disappeared. to this day, we don’t know if our cat (schrödinger), is alive or dead.
based, but reasonable, question
interesting, given that msnbc is basically his cheering squad
this actually happened
not far wrong
the joker is winning in real life in our cities in america
is anyone gonna be around to make the actual cars!?
what did the other ~10% wish for?
workin on it
important to stay that way
long time ago
best story ever
the incredibly captivating story that is the iliad was meant to be spoken, so listen to it when priam tearfully supplicates himself to achilles for the return of the body of his beloved son
maybe it’s a coincidence
he is not a good person
it was cake all along
gateway to mars
every day
of course. they don’t like competition.
a lot
jim thanos needs to stop snapping his gloves on his own investments lol
interesting
walter spent a lot of time with me in meetings, but much less time walking the factory floor. tesla and spacex factories have a great vibe. we encourage playing music and having some fun. very important for people to look forward to coming to work! we pay more than the uaw
moon soon
maybe 3rd option for scrolling/posting on x, so people understand that the person may be in there for a while 😂
yeah
interesting
you can now hide your likes, but i recommend keeping them open and just using bookmarks for interesting posts
why not ?
resemblance is uncanny
welcome!
interesting
messed up
sounds pretty straightforward
sigh
true
the media is click-maximizing, not truth-maximizing
musicals with no plot
anytime, anywhere
this discussion was planned several weeks ago and is about ai, not the defamation league (they dropped the “a”)
is the public aware of the scale of the issue?
it’s a fun competition
the press does seem to be at his beck and call – practically a cheering squad
🤣 what is up with the press!? they seem to be extra sour these days.
good thing we moved humanity to mars
the years really fly by
yeah! 🥹
🤣🤣 he should change his name to thanos, since half his fund disappeared
she does seem to love investigations …
no kidding …
we will fight for free speech to the best of our ability under the law
maybe it was the royalties from her “cherokee” cookbook
what did she start with?
this is cool
true
ignoring reality is a very popular approach to life
doj priorities are not obviously optimal
we might be able to offer an optional tungsten carbide coating, which is basically scratch-proof to everything below diamond hardness
government overspending, which is the fundamental cause of inflation, has wrecked countless countries
maybe worth posting some material on this platform. the reach is enormous.
much higher chance of success than flight 1
c-17 is great and has done the most useful work. that said, it is high time for a next-gen system.
great work by the starship team!
they’re desperate for ratings. best to ignore them.
surgery with artificial disc
probably a hit piece, as that’s his style
am hearing this from many people
amazing
swipe up 🧻
all-in
seriously
i remember adults, including my parents, always trying to get me to less read less!
notes upgrades
she did dress up as mercy. it was awesome.
yup. i’d already seen covid come &amp; go early in 2020 in china. tesla china had ~20k employees &amp; contractors, yet none died or had near death experiences. while one could debate the accuracy of official statistics, tesla certainly knew the health status of its own team.
true
is she still being advised by sbf’s dad?
posting directly on x will result in far more views, as our algorithm rewards posts that viewers spend most time on
thank you, david. perfectly said.
true
well said
just so that the public understands: taking out a short position against tesla, as gates did, results in the highest return only if a company goes bankrupt! gates placed a massive bet on tesla dying when our company was at one of its weakest moments several years ago. such a
yeah
cable news network is desperate for viewers, as bundled cable “channels” go the way of dialup modems, so they will say anything to get attention
yeah 😂
almost all of tesla’s value long-term will be from ai &amp; robots, both vehicle &amp; humanoid
he doesn’t get enough negative feedback. this platform is great for that :).
real-world ai is not an llm
i am a citizen of the united states and have only that passport. no matter what happens, i will fight for and die in america. the united states congress has not declared war on russia. if anyone is treasonous, it is those who call me such. please tell them that very clearly.
if there are so many dimensions, why does it all fit on a serdes? will digital super-intelligence be a csv file?
production is a hard problem
congratulations!
wow, congratulations!
gates also said the tesla semi was impossible, even though it was literally being driven all over the country. when i asked what battery wh/kg and truck wh/mile he was using to reach the conclusion that it’s impossible, gates had no idea, but still stuck with his conclusion. 🤷‍♂️
bang for buck seems lowish
fate loves …
true
don’t doubt ur vibe
nice
clueless new network is being outrageous in desperation, as their actual viewership rounds down to ~0%
it’s great that you write/speak personally on x. i hope more leading figures do so, rather than be concerned about perception. this is how we build a better collective mind of humanity.
haven’t listened to it yet, but any conversation with walter &amp; lex will be great
we shouldn’t be complacent about changing the chemical constituency of our atmosphere &amp; oceans, but climate change definitely will not end the world as we know it! if people keep pushing hard, humanity will solve the sustainable energy problem in time.
no monkey has died as a result of a neuralink implant. first our early implants, to minimize risk to healthy monkeys, we chose terminal moneys (close to death already),
it’s awesome that people can see starship so close up
i find it remarkable that sociopolitical views, even among very smart humans, are almost always a function of tribal belongingness, rather than reason
noted
lithium ore is quite common throughout the world. the limiting factor is lithium refining. same goes for the cathode, which is primarily iron (medium range cars) or nickel (long range) and the anode, which is carbon. refining matters more than ore.
if they don’t switch to autonomous electric cars pronto, that is absolutely true
aka opening your email
there is a general governance issue that arises because the stock of most publicly traded companies is mostly owned by passive or de facto passive funds, but i agree that it is not some diabolical plot pf blackrock.
something strange is going on
coming
congrats to spacex for completing &amp; documented the 57 items required by the faa for flight 2 of starship! worth noting that 6 of the 63 items refer to later flights.
mounjaro &amp; ozempic, while they are not without side effects, do actually work incredibly well for weight loss
in addition to nn training compute, when it comes to video, the scale of data storage &amp; transfer boggles the mind
i have a copy, but walter recommended that i not read it 😂
and a crazy amount of training compute, which is currently our primary constraint
a long tail of training data – reality has a vast number of weird edge cases – is required to solve self-driving well
been many times
these things are like what i imagine crack to be. i think i ate 6 once.
starship flight 2
i think more people should dress crazy
correct
great podcast posted in full on x!
absolutely
no, but robotaxi will look like the future
thank you
no kidding
this is an outrage!
likely to be 10% to 20% longer in later versions
increasingly appealing
the real president is whoever controls the teleprompter
i want to help humans, not kill them
this platform will fight for free speech. it is the bedrock of democracy.
good question
exactly
precisely
absolutely
apple posted an entire episode of a big series on x. it was the biggest social media impact of anything they’ve done.
and this is why the constitution is so important
speaking of starlink … more version 2 satellites.
oh the irony
much appreciated, walter. the onus is meaningfully different if i refused to act upon a request from ukraine vs. made a deliberate change to starlink to thwart ukraine. at no point did i or anyone at spacex promise coverage over crimea. moreover, our terms of service clearly
at risk of stating what should be obvious, deliberately violating the constitution is next-level illegal. how soon can this person be removed from office?
great conversation ❤️
accurate
when did you become such a warmonger?
is this a real number?
prototypes are easy, production is hard. any given conflict comes down to number of combat units times kill ratio. us military vulnerability is primarily due to slow production rates, as we’re seeing in ukraine.
no side or rear view mirrors in the future
unreal
every day, another psy op 😔
maybe it’s in the mail or something. i don’t know what these actions items are.
in fairness to the faa, it is rare for them to cause significant delays in launch. overwhelmingly, the responsibility is ours.
this is actually happening. most parents don’t realize it.
mad, mad world
worth reading our actual legal filing vs what you may see in the media
they have been saying that since 2018. according to peta, having a bowl of cereal means you’re racist. beyond parody.
it’s crazy that we have to fight so hard for what used to be considered so fundamental to america!
please respond to if you discover issues of concern
what the hell is pierre omidyar doing?
otherwise known as a reasonable discussion among american citizens about the merits of a war (free speech)
correct
this bill is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. what it would actually mean is that if you disagree with the other parent about sterilizing your child, you lose custody. utter madness!
transparency is no problem. more of that would be great. but the government policing free speech in violation of the first amendment is not ok.
what are the 63 items?
this must be stopped. a lot of families and companies will leave the state to avoid risking their children being sterilized by the government.
this bill is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. what it actually means is that if you disagree with the other parent about sterilizing your child, you lose custody. utter madness!
self-awareness ftw
they are unfortunately diluting their core mission by playing partisan politics
yeah
accurate
thousands of upgrades to starship &amp; launchpad/mechazilla
perfect
where is all this pro-russia propaganda? we don’t see it.
listen to the iliad as an audiobook. it was meant to be spoken.
the years fly by fast
that is what’s happening!
😂💯 we should dress more creatively!
among other things, adl wanted this platform to permanently ban trump, even though roughly half the country voted for him. what exactly does banning trump have to do with fighting antisemitism!?
yeah
above instagram … not bad for now
everything is 1/137
wes anderson ftw!
yeah
so many cool places to visit in china!
lmfao
whoa!
not the biggest surprise ever
american ac is awesome
“all truth passes through three stages. first, it is ridiculed. second, it is violently opposed. third, it is accepted as being self-evident.” – schopenhauer although, sometimes a technology announcement is simultaneously declared ridiculously impossible and obviously
i’m not sure that even sherlock holmes could figure this one out 🤔
we’re certainly very high up maslow’s hierarchy compared to relatively recent history! even the best doctors a few hundred years ago would operate without anesthesia using knives that still had blood from the last patient who died.
we’re getting some of those machines that make any kind of soda on demand
ai everything …
it will be clunky at first, but then will work like a charm over time
pw3 is optimized for ease of installation &amp; high power, which means that a single powerwall can serve as an uninterruptible power supply for most homes. this is a big deal for ensuring that the lights stay on and you can power all your devices in the event of a power outage.
interesting
yeah
the lahaina fire tragedy highlights the importance of x solving real-time information that is local
this is pretty wild
wishful thinking doesn’t win wars
there seems to be an innate need for religion. many atheists simply adopt another belief system (eg wokeness) that is essentially a religion.
reality bites
there was an emergency request from government authorities to activate starlink all the way to sevastopol. the obvious intent being to sink most of the russian fleet at anchor. if i had agreed to their request, then spacex would be explicitly complicit in a major act of war and
both sides should agree to a truce. every day that passes, more ukrainian and russian youth die to gain and lose small pieces of land, with borders barely changing. this is not worth their lives.
the starlink regions in question were not activated. spacex did not deactivate anything.
another victim of the woke mind virus, but who now seems to have shaken that off, which is good
they’ve gone so far from simply combatting antisemitism and now push a far left agenda that has nothing to do with judaism
the pampered ones forget why police exist and assume everyone is like them. unfortunately, some humans actually enjoy using violence against others. if they are not stopped, they will come for you.
the public still doesn’t understand the magnitude of the problem. the mayor correctly points out that people from the entire world are using our southern border to enter illegally. the number entering per year is about 2 million and rising. if he thinks the problem is bad
have you tried? go to max altitude and then do a max thrust vertical dive. you will find out find out fast if the engine is the limiting factor lol.
absolutely
civilizational energy output per person has grown dramatically from making a small fire with wood to nuclear power plants. this will continue. two of the most fundamental ratios that and silicon/biological compute.
cool
the vast majority of people just plain forget their safe combination, so should allow liberty to open it. beats using a plasma cutter, potentially damaging what’s inside and having to buy a new safe. i don’t have a safe. nothing particularly worth stealing.
i’m not entirely clear on the differences between my current iphone and the prior versions. camera is 10% better?
crazy world we live in
especially when ironic too
ah yes logic
accurate
thanks!
adl does the equivalent of saying we need to ban not merely the words “dog whistle”, but really any mentions of whistles whatsoever, which really affects the whistle community!
yeah
they really just found his head? that seems unlikely. difficult to get your head separated far enough from your body.
really 85% of terrorist plots were substantially driven by the fbi? are we sure about that?
accurate. by veering into being a far left activist organization, the adl is undermining its core mission of fighting anti-semitism.
the damages in our case will be a little higher
mr sinclair is not super convincing. pics or …
no porpoise in digging too deep into dolphin sex
if fb could’ve crushed instagram or whatsapp, they wouldn’t need to acquire them
pizza is one of the primary food groups imo
fighter aircraft with actual people in them will seem extremely unwise in retrospect. btw, what’s holding you back from doing mach ~1.5? compressibility drag is lower there than at 0.95. air density drops exponentially with altitude, whereas speed-based drag is merely a square.
yikes
sounds pretty bad
great idea
team is making good progress. they have deleted vast amounts of code, while still adding many features.
sorry about that
truth ftw lol
design &amp; manufacturing qualification vs proof tests
there is a cadre of grumps that spend all day reporting people
this will be cool for dynamic entertainment &amp; on-the-spot news!
yeah
this is crazy! also, putting the “donate now” button halfway through is such a desperate move trying to get people before they tune out.
unfortunately, melatonin gives me crazy, stressful dreams 😂
it’s big, real big!!
cool!
dominoes effect 🍕
of course, the probability that his claims are true would have to rest on objective evidence, rather than claims made by someone with a dubious history.
🤣 can you fill in the intermediate dominoes? - ryan drops out of senate race - obama takes his place - become senator - wins presidency
cue domino meme from jack ryan at a paris sex club to alleged obama drug-fueled gay orgy …
good idea
yeah
big difference
that was such a crazy conversation!
brave new 1984
really 2/3 fbi?
great game
true
exactly
exactly
because the answer is “yes!” regarding seeking donations, hence jg’s refusal to answer the question. jg instead went on the attack, implying that sorkin, despite being jewish, is somehow an anti-semite just for asking a basic conflict-of-interest question! 🤣
i think these will shift a lot in the years to come
people should use lists a lot more. we’re making them much easier to create, discover and use.
absolutely
exactly! the adl is extremely powerful in the west, as demonstrated by our massive drop in us advertising, while asia advertising has actually grown slightly.
fate loves irony next-level
does seem strange. why does the fbi need training that holocausts are terrible? i don’t think they should hire agents where this is a question mark!
jonathan at adl kicked off a massive twitter boycott campaign less than a week after the acquisition closed. literally nothing had changed about the site. our us revenue is still 60% down from that campaign, but slowly improving.
this seems dubious
trying “1234” might work too
this is the classic “lost my password” issue, but for safes. people forget their safe combinations all the time and then call the safe company to open it.
very concerning
the questions asked by the interviewers were excellent. however, jg was obviously disingenuous with his answers and took every opportunity to stoke fear.
i’ve been to the hamptons a few times and maybe i’m missing something, but it was pretty slow – not a lot happening
maxwell is underrated
i think we’re going too far with these jan 6th sentence lengths, especially given other crimes that aren’t being prosecuted at all, but liberty safe had no choice here and are not to blame
yikes
managing that data is extremely difficult. we ignore (don’t store at all) or delete almost all of it. the training videos that matter are rare ones, like weird &amp; busy intersections, so less than 1% of all videos. tesla is limited by ai training compute. nvidia + dojo fix it.
many funny details on raptor. the special metal alloy spacex created for the rocket nozzles turns green, so we painted hulk on the first one.
yeah, not cool
we shall see
good article
congratulations!
not quite how i would tell the story, but very accurate for an observer who only saw part of the puzzle
yeah
maybe
karma is real
why won’t he fight me!? zuck said “name the place”, so i named his house, but they said he was away on travel. perhaps we can fight when we returns?
in that case, i will definitely have some!
this makes no sense. starlink already covers earth and our user terminals are being built &amp; deployed super fast. this whole program will soon be redundant.
yeah, this is crazy
hope in, we’re goin to mars!
working on it
the corporate world is extremely dependent on complex &amp; aging enterprise management software. most companies can’t write good software, so are trapped in a broken machine they can’t fix themselves.
you’re welcome
in an isolated chamber, we can detect acceleration, but not velocity. strange, but necessary, that this be true or reality wouldn’t work.
yeah!
this is insane
i hope so
definitely helps
exactly. there is a literal extinctionist movement, which thinks earth would be better off with no people!
pics or …
starship is ready to launch, awaiting faa license approval
united airlines: computer says no
the computer said no
birth rate is by far their biggest problem imo
cool
live by the block, die by the
interesting
nice view
true
this is insane
interesting
interesting
i visited some stores in texas today to see how it compares. still looks normal here. you can even do self-checkout.
yeah
i’ve had dinner with george a few times. he’s as great as you’d expect him to be.
he would be awesome
🤣 they had to search hard for that post
thanks. indeed, the adl pursues a far left political agenda, rather than focusing on combating anti-semitism.
this is great
stop lying to the people. 🙌
good question. they actually wish to exert political control, but need a reason that sounds good.
true
that is a lot of power
lot of numbers
exactly
cool
yeah
tucker is welcome to join our suit
it will be normal within a few years
tell them you disagree with secret censorship by activist groups
thanks 🙏
the facebook caved to far left pressure groups and now allows them to silently dictate policy in exchange for ad money
interesting documentary
interesting article
it is impossible to tell with unverified accounts whether you’re dealing with a small or large number of real people, as sophisticated bots are virtually indistinguishable from humans. with unverified accounts, there is also no way to tell if the organization complaining was
advertisers avoid controversy, so all that is needed for adl to crush our us &amp; european ad revenue is to make unfounded accusations. they have much less power in asia, so our ad revenue there is still strong. this “controversy” causes advertisers to “pause”, but that pause is
that’s for sure. might take until next week, as we’re short-staffed this week.
true
that’s the goal
based on what we’ve heard from advertisers, adl seems to be responsible for most of our revenue loss. giving them maximum benefit of the doubt, i don’t see any scenario where they’re responsible for less than 10% of the value destruction, so ~$4 billion. document discovery of
great point. a giant data dump would clear the air.
interesting. in our case, they would potentially be on the hook for destroying half the value of the company, so roughly $22 billion.
beware any company where leadership compensation is not linked to performance
to clear our platform’s name on the matter of anti-semitism, it looks like we have no choice but to file a defamation lawsuit against the anti-defamation league … oh the irony!
good point
i try to be
that’s me
spacex (just barely) succeeding required both the knowledge and the capital i gained from a modest success with zip2 and a more significant success with paypal
cool
true
despite the immense harm adl has done to x/twitter, they still will not be banned in this platform, unless they break the law
adl has pushed hard for us to shut down accounts like chaya’s, even though it has nothing to do with anti-semitism, which is their supposed charter!
yeah
exactly
in general, permanent bans will be rare going forward. that is necessary for this platform to be the public square. i also agree that the adl should make their explicit demands public. in my opinion, they are excessive, but perhaps the public will agree with them.
it is oddly hard to figure out where the beep is coming from
yeah
exactly. we no longer need to restore us advertising to prior levels for survival. that said, it would be nice to see it return.
thanks!
if this continues, we will have no choice but to file a defamation suit against, ironically, the “anti-defamation” league. if they lose the defamation suit, we will insist that they drop the the “anti” part of their name, since obviously … 😂
our us advertising revenue is still down 60%, primarily due to pressure on advertisers by (that’s what advertisers tell us), so they almost succeeded in killing x/twitter!
since the acquisition, the has been trying to kill this platform by falsely accusing it &amp; me of being anti-semitic
when we were launching falcon from kwajalein, those crabs would break into our soda can storage &amp; crack open the cans. they particularly seemed to like sprite. pretty funny seeing a giant crab drinking soda lol.
woke is fundamentally anti-human
nice
same 😂
big difference in efficiency
they have contempt for the people
good idea
please stay 🙏
interesting
really?
true
exactly
the adl, because they are so aggressive in their demands to ban social media accounts for even minor infractions, are ironically the biggest generators of anti-semitism on this platform!
interesting
astronauts returning from orbit
yeah
i’d subscribe
based on the falcon launch plan for next year, spacex will deliver ~90% of all earth payload to orbit. starship will take that to &gt;99% in future years. these magnitudes are madness to consider, but necessary to make consciousness multiplanetary.
🤣🤣 exactly
video viewership on x has roughly doubled since last year
yeah
burning man is unique in the world. hard to describe how incredible it is for those who have never been. best art on earth.
little dragon fires
“may you live forever” is the worst possible curse once you understand deep time
true
yeah
cool
exactly
spacex bringing astronauts back to earth tomorrow
good talk with joe!
would be hilariously ironic for the anti-defamation league to lose a defamation lawsuit
yeah
it would be difficult to describe them as centrist
i do hear it rained a lot 😂
true
true
interesting
very little
extremely
yeah
we shut down a lot of bots this week
accurate
improved community notes
i’ve got a great set of slides on that. works really well in sim!
ego/brains &gt;&gt; 1 is one of the world’s biggest problems
exactly
interesting
agreed on all. we’re changing polls to allow votes only by verified users. that’s critical to avoid polls getting bot-spammed on controversial issues. the adl has done a lot of good work in prior decades, but has been overzealous in recent years &amp; hijacked by woke mind virus.
at college, i learned super important knowledge, like uhh … 🤔
perhaps we should run a poll on this?
he should tell it to the judge/jury. when his donors get deposed and there is full document discovery, this guy will sing a very different tune. sunlight is the best disinfectant.
it’s almost like they have an axe to grind 😂
cool
aiming for 10 falcon flights in a month by end of this year, then 12 per month next year
sorry, this should be more stable over time. revenue share is still very much beta code. worth noting that only verified users (aka x premium subscribers) count for ad revenue, otherwise it’s trivial to game.
great work by the team successfully launching 61 falcon rocket missions this year! if tomorrow’s mission goes well, we will exceed last year’s flight count. spacex has delivered ~80% of all earth payload mass to orbit in 2023. china is ~10% &amp; rest of world other ~10%.
just want to reiterate that there is no glass house (metaphors don’t count lol) built, under construction or planned! i’m not building any house of any kind anywhere. period.
great knock, knock joke 😂
it’s vital that creators be able to leave our platform at any time and take their subscribers with them. we want to give peace of mind to creators that they’re not trapped here if they build a large audience.
he is contemptible
this is entirely at the discretion of the x user. no use of this id will be made beyond what is explicitly &amp; clearly approved by the user.
cool
definitely!
true
adl has tried very hard to strangle x/twitter
i’ve said this to many writers, directors and producers in entertainment. it is incredibly important. the superhero comics were great examples of strength as a virtue.
the most entertaining outcome (as seen by a third party watching a show) is the most likely
i think something also happened roughly around 7000 years ago. sudden rise in technology.
absolutely. high time to repeal prop c!
exactly. prop c to be repealed.
true
true
this is great
accurate
tesla ai can see incredibly well
that sounds like a lot. not sure they’re all gonna be winners. his funny comments are better than the rants (perhaps advice i should take myself 😂).
congrats to the team on launch 60 of 2023!
exactly
agreed. so why do you use so many auto-regressive transformers?
the constant attacks send a lot of traffic here, so i hope they keep doing it 😂
join the x bugs &amp; features community if you want to help improve the product
impressive, what will they think of next?
troll post of the day 😂
i think it is the differential enforcement of the law that is bothering most independent voters (i consider myself to be in that category)
data storage technology is incredible! you can fit wikipedia on your phone with room to spare.
absolutely
just public data, not dms or anything private
especially given that i don’t have, nor do i intend to build, a glass house. this just makes them look like fools and undermines their credibility.
not at first, but we will add the ability to turn encryption on or off dynamically. there is necessarily a slight lag for encryption. most of the time, encryption isn’t important and quality of call is better.
many of the censorship squad that we exited from this platform have moved to other social media companies
x ftw
poor guy. he’s had a great run, but it’s just time to retire.
perhaps ai can help us answer some of these fundamental questions. that is the goal of .
i think so
feels like we’re making progress. ♥️ save san francisco! ♥️
hunter’s personal shenanigans are kind of entertaining and have limited harm to others, but getting america involved in corruption with other countries is a much more serious matter.
42 times 10
thanks :)
senate leadership change now!
no coverage of this from the media (aka the biden cheering squad)
maybe it’s like toy story: the brands come alive when the people leave the room 😂
i think we all are. politicians in positions of great power need to have their mental faculties intact or they will make disastrous decisions!
yeah (sigh)
good
true
we stare into the tensor matrix abyss and the abyss stares back
you’re welcome
video &amp; audio calls coming to x: - works on ios, android, mac &amp; pc - no phone number needed - x is the effective global address book that set of factors is unique.
debatable, but not far wrong
mcconnell &amp; biden could audition for role of crypt keeper – no makeup or special effects needed!
fidelity will make a great return in the end
hey , you some competition with 🤣🤣
1m fps gaming rig
absolutely. it’s time. this is an embarrassment to the country.
that’s coming. the only numbers that will matter in the long term are verified followers &amp; likes. this applies to all platforms. either verify identity through a few dollars of payment per month or be overrun by millions of bots that cost less than 1/10th of a penny each.
hard to tell the difference between real press and parody these days
the system doesn’t seem stable
extremely concerning
this is a pretty funny one tbh. where is it!?
what!? i’m not building a house anywhere.
more like a glass cathedral lol
this is one of the funniest things i’ve ever heard 🤣🤣 where is this house!? metaphors don’t count!
i’m not building a house of any kind, let alone a glass one!
cool
the gerontocracy is real
i love their new logo
it is time for a change of leadership
true
when you see an article about something you know personally, how often is it accurate and reasonably complete? almost never, in my experience. now, why do you think it would be any different when they write about some other subject?
the media lies constantly. explicit lies are easy to catch, compared to the choice-of-narrative lie. they completely ignore that which they don’t want to talk about, but will turn a molehill into a mountain when they do want to talk about it.
concerning
well, i’d just like to say thanks for the high-quality meme material
training compute should soon not be so much of a limiting factor. very difficult bringing the 10k h100 cluster online btw. similar experience to bringing our now 16k a100 cluster online. uptime &amp; performance are low at first, then improve with lots of work by tesla &amp; nvidia.
great!
yeah (sigh)
the scaling “laws” that openai and others talk about are bogus imo. garbage in, garbage out. gpt is a predictor of garbage.
correct
unfortunately, prop c, though well-intentioned, made the problem worse, not better. it is force-feeding the homeless industrial complex with taxpayer money.
total game changer. if you haven’t tried tesla autopilot, you don’t know how awesome it is.
true
i suspect their issues go beyond logo design. they hate that there is even one free speech platform.
v12 is still training
exactly
sigh
threatened you with death? that’s next-level.
hence the wise words of douglas adams
are the numbers wrong?
great question. we shall see.
h100 is ~3x faster than a100 in our tests
nice
density is only 3 to 4 per rack, due to power consumption &amp; cooling needs being much higher than normal computers. h100 density is only ~2 per rack!
beautiful
very interesting. hungary is trying hard to address their birth rate problem.
who appoints the members?
747. i wish boeing still made that plane. my understanding is that the 747-8i can cruise at mach 0.92, which makes it the fastest jumbo jet. 747 has achieved mach 0.99, so almost supersonic in a dive.
great!
i was wondering why you never told me about the ad 😂
justice does not thrive in the dark
absolutely
i’m guessing that the single largest use of that power is making the cursor blink
but let’s say you had a choice between large size or small, which would you pick?
throw some sounds of groaning metal support beams failing to spice it up
elden ring is incredible. i liked cyberpunk. baldur’s gate 3 is supposed to be great.
some dark moments
so i’m guess ordering a zillion gpus last year has panned out?
i love heinz ketchup. it’s the best.
the desire to have wet roads causes sprinklers to be built to rain water upon the roads. in short, wet roads cause rain.
the new woke times is just … unreadable. their propaganda is sooo tedious.
we will make an app allowing you to see the latest from x on your car screen
no way
both, but the very smartest ones do it knowingly. may they burn in hell.
true
please note that any attempts to manipulate the creator compensation program on this platform will result in account suspension
yeah, most people have no idea
it will be much safer than humans
we will look into this
getting ready for next starship flight
we’re going with both dojo and nvidia. i think we will have the most inference silicon, given that every car has an inference computer.
perhaps he is “traveling” a great distance
this guy rocks!
that we pay them to do this is annoying. how do we stop this self-licking ice cream cone!?
did my best to warn people that lidar isn’t optimal for cars. roads are designed for biological neural nets &amp; eyes, so digital neural nets &amp; cameras will work best. i say this even though dragon uses lidar for docking with station, so i don’t intrinsically hate that technology.
some of them are indeed doing so – we’re well aware. part of the value of having our own hardware is that our software will only run on that specific hardware, warts &amp; all. as with apple, you can’t just copy the code or unpack the binaries. you need their hardware too.
best to ignore the trolls
yeah
he should get it imo
it’s a real 6 months. maybe less.
not bad
it’s insane
dragon docks with . strange to think that they’re both traveling at ~25 times speed of sound!
true
having a vast fleet of cars for fsd autopilot training is a massive tesla advantage. essential for the hundreds of millions of unusual situations cars encounter on roads every year.
hw4 software will lag hw3 by at least another six months, as our focus needs to be on getting fsd on hw3 working super well and provided internationally.
designing in the cameras, liquid-cooled tesla computer (always go liquid-cooled!) and high security internet gateway will probably take major car companies about three years. might as well start now! we want to be helpful, as we were with making our patents available for free,
people send me linkedin links sometimes, but the cringe level is so high that i just can’t bring myself to use it, so i ask for the resume or bio to be emailed. we will make sure that the x competitor to linkedin is cool.
on balance, we are far better to have modern medicine than not, but there have been some egregious situations, like opioids. some of my friends were seriously hurt by this and are now lost to the world. no question that we need to have stronger accountability.
true, it was super hard to do this! even when fsd is 2x as safe as the average human driver fully unsupervised in all scenarios, then we will want to make it 3x, 4x … 10x. about a million people die every year in automotive accidents and ~10 million are seriously injured.
yeah
they don’t get it
is klaus on x himself? we should dm lol.
moving to medium opacity circles around buttons when scrolling down, full opacity bar (matching top) when scrolling scrolling up
sure feels like it sometimes
douglas adams is my favorite philosopher
when is the next election in ireland?
this is concerning, as the temptation for governments to engage in political censorship is almost impossible for them to avoid
sure is
impressive
he’s such a jolly little fellow
they want war? let’s give it to them. we cannot let these snakes win or san francisco will end up like detroit. the clincher was discovering that this is actually just a tax write off for latham, not actually “pro bono” at all.
i just can’t … roflmao … the irony is too much 🤣🤣
doj needs to sue themselves!
only had one “powerful” (extremely puny by today’s standards) computer in the beginning, so our system would only work during the day, because i was coding &amp; compiling at night
great idea 😂
there is a lot of merit to having your own chip design. we optimize its usage down to the microsecond.
it is very easy! 11.4.7, which is mostly, but not entirely, ai is with tesla employees and a few external users. rolls out to anyone who bought fsd in the north america next week.
ironically, meta is doing what i meant “open” ai to do
perhaps one enchanted evening we will find each other …
yeah
the use efficiency (single tap vs scroll up plus tap) exceeds the esthetic penalty. however, i think we should make each button separate, like the post (+) button, rather than have a translucent bar.
not that it’s much consolation, but the energy efficiency of llms using auto-regressive transformers is extremely bad, not just in training, but also inference. i think it’s off by several orders of magnitude.
starlink antennas use an internally developed, electronically steered phased array tight beam that is more advanced than the best military technology
yeah
i love the midjourney art
vision does require solving real world ai, which is hard, but vision is fundamentally superior to lidar
our goal is to be the platform of the people, to restore power to the people, to those want to know the truth
thank you and, yes, absolutely true
mostly correct transcript
yeah. i’ve been working on this for 8 years and still the results of end-to-end, pure video ai blow my mind!
i recommend strongly recommend posting your podcast on x. it’s easy and will get incredible distribution!
solving real-world ai has been an unbelievably hard problem
the crew-7 mission for is in orbit, on its way to !
in my opinion, one and it isn’t llm’s using auto-regressive transformers
an accurate assessment. what is also mindblowing is that the inference compute power needed for 8 cameras running at 36fps is only about 100w on the tesla-designed ai computer. this puny amount of power is enough to achieve superhuman driving! it makes a big difference that we
reminds me of the post ranch inn
he’s such a chicken 🤣
who at santa clara county broke the law? i think we know.
right now it’s too boring. i’m just on the 280.
traditional media is just way too slow
people are clearly interested in hearing from trump. one may not agree with the man, but he is never boring!
fox should put their shows on x
big swings, but ultimately very much upward
x is the best place to follow sports, because you get so much great commentary in real-time
yeah
a bold suggestion, but perhaps we should try it!
guess i’m pretty old 🤣
exactly. it’s insane.
let’s ask our companies to cease all work with
interesting, so not really pro bono
i agree
accurate
follow to learn about features &amp; bug fixes. please comment about any upgrades you want or problems we need to address!
successful starship super heavy booster static fire!
upgrades
to inform &amp; entertain is our goal!
this is getting ridiculous
approximately 10 million views per hour of this image
funny thing is that the washington post “chief fact checker” has gotten for making misleading statements on this platform at least three times 🤣
sigh
yeah
we are working hard on this
the speed at which your message on this platform can reach a vast number of people is mind-blowing
extremely concerning
true
that would have been the right move
true
the atlantic, like many publications, once wrote great material, but has now devolved into a tedious propaganda pusher. they could at least not bore us all to death in the process!
great questions
accurate
true
the weaponization of government agencies needs to stop. this fundamentally undermines public faith in the justice system.
the fundamental principle of itar law is that us companies who have advanced weapons technology, such as rockets with intercontinental range, must hire people who are permanent american residents, so that the technology does not fall into the hands of countries who wish us harm.
exactly
threadzzz 😴
tomorrow around 4pm pt
and she is anti-semitic
she is super racist and proud of it
we believe in local sourcing for many reasons
the bot wars continue
next-level
exactly
exactly. spacex was told repeatedly that hiring anyone who was not a permanent resident of the united states would violate international arms trafficking law, which would be a criminal offense. we couldn’t even hire canadian citizens, despite canada being part of norad! this
yeah!
people have had enough. time for major change in sf. we can’t let this beautiful city die.
yeah
maybe i can squeeze it in tomorrow night
ancient rome was very colorful
he was impressive
i tried using tiktok and felt their ai probing my brain, so i stopped
if you take the “sensitivity training” course and explain live why it is nonsense, that would be quite funny
edgy move. definitely won’t be boring.
for sure
the mayor is right
might reach a quarter billion views at this rate
or at least be required to pass some basic cognitive tests
it is possibly overstated in the short term, but we should be concerned about it long term. moving billions of tons of carbon from deep underground into the atmosphere and oceans will have an effect.
the reach of this platform is insane
i think we know those names
they should be prosecuted if there is any justice in this world
based
good point
that’s what i do
vivek is increasingly compelling
whether one agrees with him or not, he has written some of the funniest posts ever on this platform
interesting to hear things directly vs through the media filter
interview with
this sounds pretty cool. i am a little concerned about consolidation of video games companies leading to less adventurous work being done.
i have overcome the desire to be liked 🤣
when we are ready to do so, we will. while i think it is our best product ever, it is an extremely difficult product to build. we are in uncharted territory, because it is not like anything else.
i’m trying to set a good example. we can’t let humanity disappear!
my brother is an amazing chef, but i am definitely not
longer than i expected. slight chance this is a psy op.
it is in the set of possible outcome. i see a path.
just have it return the same value every time
ren fairs are great
it’s true
i would just move my desk around the factory to wherever the biggest problem was. these days, i don’t have a desk, but the room i use for meetings at hq overlooks the model y end of line.
and yet they demand that the public pay to subscribe to them. what hypocrites!
exactly. x will be filing legal action to stop this. can’t wait for discovery to start!
super cool!
that does seem to be the case
definitely would be some great meme material
our advertising revenue share program also applies to organizations (news or otherwise) who wish to participate
interesting
people should be more chill about words online. don’t take it personally if the person doesn’t know you personally.
i would just like to thank the genius who came up with diet coke. best drink ever. coke zero is a way better name, but i like the taste of diet coke slightly more.
i think this is our best product ever
congratulations india 🇮🇳!!
but then i told the team it didn’t actually need to be so pointy and they wanted to keep it that way!
just drove the production candidate cybertruck at tesla giga texas!
𝕏 is the set of all things
exactly
your mind paints the world beautifully, based on very messy and patchy data from your eyes
thank you for the kind note
stalker ex gf vibes
easily worth the increased exposure, as verified orgs receive a boost in reach
nothing. people have had enough.
x is a dog &amp; doge friendly place!
i didn’t know that. message to the future.
i agree
a trillion dollar market cap for this platform is not out of the question
true 😂 biggest rocket of all time by far and the first design capable of colonizing mars, but public awareness is ironically tiny.
video games have had by far the best original content for the past 30+ years
almost like there’s a trend
i look forward to it!
i appreciate the note. frankly, negative feedback is good. keeps ego in check.
same
we’re being super careful with notes to maximize accuracy. everything is open source and criticism is always welcome.
next starship launch soon
facebook is manipulating the public almost everywhere on earth. that is why they won’t open source their algorithm.
that would be great
tesla model s plaid will do 0 to 60mph (~100km/h) in 2 seconds
accurate
if the bubonic plague comes back, sure, but not for a cold
tragic that ronan farrow is a puppet of the establishment and against the people
he is now in logo heaven
even liver flavor?
charming
troll level 9000
finally having truth in advertising is awesome
at the end the day, we just need resilient logic gates, so maybe there is a way to get 1000x volumetrically?
can you elaborate on how to achieve 1000x? at this point, we should just count the atoms, rather than say “2nm”. obviously, 2nm is just a marketing term, not the actual metal width, which is more like 20nm. but 1000x would still be smaller than the size of a carbon atom, if
wow, 4 years
exactly
we’re transitioning
true!
his humorous posts are great
it is unfortunately trending that way for many automakers. some companies do understand, but their pace of change is nonetheless slow. tesla is trying to be as helpful to other carmakers as possible with the transition to autonomous electric vehicles: we open source our patents,
should there even be a limit?
good for india 🇮🇳!
user-seconds is the most rigorous measure of usage
great question. we need to get a move on with starship!
this is coming from me directly. will greatly improve the esthetics.
agreed. we will make that change across the board. it’s too long in the profile section too.
it is amazing
tweep is the word you get when you combine twerp and creep
we should have a humbleness competition!
if you’re a journalist who wants more freedom to write and a higher income, then publish directly on this platform!
*highest (sigh)
we exceeded 346 billion user-seconds today. highway usage ever, apart from a spike a few months ago where multiple llm companies tried to download our entire database simultaneously. surprised to see that mashable still exists.
what does the say about this?
do video games or movies have time? they just have frames. when those frames are shown at human comprehension speed, they appear to be continuous, but they are not. the reality that we are in is bounded by planck-time.
“tweepcred”, possibly the worst product name i’ve ever heard, will be deleted. not simply renamed. deleted.
ironically, if it were retitled a study about irony, it would be a study about honesty
so much irony
run in the opposite direction of the escalator
try it, you’ll like it!
understand the universe
well, at least i’m on the podium 🥉
i’d like to see pics of the qa team, if they’re still alive
one of the things that surprised me most was how many people simply read this platform and never post or like. they may dm, bookmark or forward a post, but are reticent to do anything public. the ratio is shockingly high, as you point out. i hope more people participate.
yes, the obvious move is to strengthen the mute function by making anything posted by the muted account invisible to you. right now, both mute and block are partly broken. it should also be made easy to continue to follow an account, while blocking their ability to dm you.
that bbc reporter obviously had no idea what he was saying, but someone told him to make those false claims. the question is who.
pretty much
strange that everyone except small children was expected to wear a hat
yeah
weaponize apathy and see if anyone cares
mute needs to mute properly, including all mentions. block will only apply to dms. gets it. surprisingly few others do.
true. i hope it’s nice to us humans.
pretty fun blocking people who complain that blocking is going away. how does the medicine taste? 😂😂
true
i’m having a good time blocking people who complain that blocking is going away 😂
then delete your account
humanity’s birth rate is collapsing
human population is collapsing
the sad truth is that there are no great “social networks” right now. we may fail, as so many have predicted, but we will try our best to make there be at least one.
it’s great
fair description
it will be better. watch.
that pattern is common
legacy media algorithm: 1. read x 2. print it out 3. go to 1
precisely
correct, only verified users count
the hardware is actually extremely difficult
seriously
that is also a factor
jack understands
seriously
really?
true, however that note is incorrect and the community already voted it away
find advertisers who support you. we cannot force them to.
good idea
absolutely
we might be
it will be the only way
although there are some bad things in the world, remember that there are many good things too
the breakfast crunch wrap with extra hot sauce is amazing
mayhem over nothing 🤣
might be more interesting than we expect
great question!
yeah, but what if it’s blocked?
and this is very far from its final form
exactly
seems messed up
haha 💯
now that would be interesting
hopefully, it works
interstage extension for hot gas venting added to enable starship to turn on its engines while booster engines still firing!
hot-staging gives the best performance, but needs to be done without blowing up the booster!
vivek is increasingly looking like a strong candidate
story of my life
you will still be able to mute accounts and block users for dms
exactly
it will get much better
always were
tesla megapacks can solve this
is this 💯 authenticated?
that is both funny &amp; tragic in its accuracy. the “new york” times is a declining, once-powerful, but fundamentally doomed to be regional &amp; increasingly archaic legacy publication.
it makes no sense
block is going to be deleted as a “feature”, except for dms
i hope so!
should have same functionality as uploaded video
got it
live-streaming in 5 mins
it’s like looking in the mirror
a majestic work of art
i would trade some months of life expectancy for ice cream 🍨
starlink team is glad to help
maybe … can’t devolve into an esthetics hellscape though
💯 only thing more insane than a nazi is a nazi on meth
love that shot
mustn’t forget
got to fund mara somehow
yeah. we should probably advertise that more.
same
interesting. i rather liked the old daily show and colbert report. but now they’ve gone off in a direction that is …
this statement, while seeming perhaps trite at first, is extremely significant
youtube just plays me scam ads on repeat
i like the esthetics and aroma of coffee more than its mild stimulant effect
the full screen view should be default
landing burn max gimbal deflection
nope, i’m just lazy
applies to all accounts – no exceptions – including advertisers and mine
he states his beliefs clearly.
we need to make this interface far more beautiful
𝕏 as humanity’s collective consciousness
we’re turning on anything in that region for free
elden ring is some of the most beautiful art ever created
we will make this work decently well for a phone browser
i’m just gonna start hunting him in palo alto 🤣
but think of the economy lol
i love this
what do you want to make of it?
every day is a brand new day
he is a very promising candidate
i love it
familiar feeling
i mostly agree, apart from the fee for notes references
does anyone bare at least some responsibility?
the legacy blue checkmark system was corrupt to the core and i despise those who want it back
almost a decade ago
freedom of speech is priceless
messed up
just arrived in amazing 🇯🇵 japan 🇯🇵
now, more than ever
sorry it’s taking so long. there are so many layers of “trust &amp; safety” software that it often takes us hours to figure out who, how and why an account was suspended or shadowbanned. a ground up rewrite is underway that simplifies the x codebase dramatically.
exactly
he could’ve invested in tesla when we were worth basically nothing and didn’t
there is no good reason to ban plastic bags or straws in any country where trash is not dumped in the water
i just ate an incredible croissant
the best music resonates both the limbic and cortical systems
will investigate
i agree!
are you just permanently high on life or is there something i should be taking?
that will be fixed soon
and ftw again 😂
true
notes
nyt lost the plot long ago
they will be gone soon
doesn’t that make him in large part responsible for the deaths?
it committed the cardinal sin of boring users to death
“rolling stone@ is just a logo at this point. nothing remains of what it used to be.
phone demand is flattening out, as there just isn’t much more you can do with a black rectangle. that means most of apple’s market cap will be in that 30% fee, if it isn’t already there on an npv basis. even though 30% is obviously too high, it will have to be taken from them
past bot defenses are failing. only subscription works at scale.
we’re putting a lot of effort in making 𝕏 pro the power user tool it should be
execution is by far the hard part, but it’s almost never shown by hollywood
this is insane
don’t wanna jinx it, but is tracking to lift 80% of all mass to orbit, china ~10% &amp; rest of world ~10%
they are desperately trying to stay in business, but writing bogus hit pieces won’t save them
high priority
everyday astronaut is a great account to follow for starship and space matters in general
tesla &amp; spacex/starlink doing our best to be helpful to hawaii
when it is excellent, it will be integrated into the main user interface
what percentage of community nptes that you’ve seen are off the mark and can you cite examples? they are extremely accurate, in my experience. and everyone is subject to being noted, including major advertisers and me. a controversial post may have thousands of replies, so it
he is right that ai could be a great teacher, but it matters immensely how an ai is “fine-tuned”
immersive video on x is starting to get good. just swipe up for next video.
most large ai systems are currently extremely wasteful with how much energy is spent on data transfer (moving same bits around) vs compute. tesla estimate is that at least an order of magnitude improvement is possible.
major civilizational problem!
how did you guess!?
tunnels will solve. already happening with in vegas.
cool
it is a crazy situation
the fjords of norway are spectacular
great analysis of by
assuming ~0.5c is the resultant speed of the superheated plasma that remains of whoever got punched, simply attempting to transfer that much kinetic energy so fast would be comparable to a large thermonuclear explosion. and the moon would have a very large new crater.
wow, homeopathy is approved by
he’s in the metaverse and can’t get out. that’s how real it is.
compass, did you really fire this person for this reason?
and/or mounjaro
true
yup, even when you’re standing right next to it
i am whatever the opposite of an escape artist is
it’s a great song
“newspapers” just search the internet, particularly this platform, and print it out
hair
definitely happening
wow, this is bad
next week
good one
proctology exam?
lmaooo
“traveling” with zuckerberg
great idea
farmception
a100s already seem so quaint
i mostly agree with your recommendations. much is already in flight. let’s circle back in a month and see what’s still missing.
real science is welcome, pseudoscience will get community noted
good grief
we got some cupcakes for lex’s birthday
and it’s made of cake. always has been.
fight recap: i joked on x about fighting zuck zuck then said “send me location” italy graciously offered a colosseum zuck declined i suggested his home as “safe space” tragically, he was ahem “traveling” is there anywhere he will fight?
ask about his opinion on poultry
that is the biggest question
cool
interesting
anything you think you should change?
accurate
i can’t tell what’s real these day 😂 can someone please let him know on 🧵that i’m popping by his house to fight as soon as he’s “back in town”.
toffee crisp 😋
yeah. also, civil war isn’t very civil.
mosquitoes that carry malaria
6 hours works for me. less than that and my brain is in pain
i care very much
i wonder why
true
when we properly apply ai to x, the content recommendations, about ai and everything else, will be incredible
the cracks &amp; scratches better represent this product that i love
accurate
exactly 😂😂
that how humans work. it’s rather obvious, imo, that you need real-world ai (digital neural nets) and cameras to solve for a road system that is designed for biological neural nets and eyes.
he would have to let that sink in!
there was some hasty bag packing at the zuckerberg residence today! traveling my ass.
(zuck thread coming soon about how he would of course love to fight anytime, but blah blah ufc something something)
a lot 🤣
tesla fsd test, x livestream test &amp; attempted zuck fight triple header!!!
hey , no offense, but is that you?
i barely ever read them. mainstream media is a misery magnifier.
for the tesla fsd test drive in palo alto tonight, i will ask the car to drive to ’s house. will also test latest x livestream video, so you can monitor our adventure in real-time! if we get lucky and zuck my 👅 actually answers the door, the fight is on!
knock knock who’s there? knutsēk nutsack who? knutsēk tæbag
thought you might want some tea, so i brought the bags
knock, knock … challenge accepted … open the door
yeah
elden ring if solo, diablo if co-op. haven’t played bg3, but heard it’s great.
need to finish the job
the die is cast
yeah
can’t wait to bang on his door tomorrow 🤣
love that movie
he can’t eat at chic fil a because that would be cannibalism
i’m gonna bang on his door tomorrow and demand to fight
zuck is a chicken
this is the full message:
accurate
never 👀
california has a lot going for it
such a great country and people!
yikes
they really are
heard good things
tell me about it
dna github
people in sf are having sex?
practicing martial arts with my sparring partner
art too incredible for words
or we could do both and consider next week just a practice session
otherwise, we will do it as soon as the arena in italy is ready
if zuck my 👅 really wants a lesson in why there are weight categories in fighting so badly, i could just head over to his house next week and teach him a lesson he won’t soon forget
tesla shorts sure are gluttons for punishment! i mean, how many times do they want to do this!?
🇲🇽 mexico rocks! 🇲🇽
and pediatric hospitals in italy
awesome!
been lifting hard almost every day. need to be able to do an overhead press of ~155lbs …
i’m going for the overhead body slam smack down
if the size difference is big enough, this is absolutely true. no way lil x is putting me in a choke hold no matter how skilled he is lol.
who did the poll?
absolutely
our goal is to make this the best platform for creators around the world!
falcon 9 looks cute next to starship and falcon 1 looks like a high school project
i love the night
in fairness, he does demonstrate that people of any race can be extremely stupid
‘who controls the memes, controls the universe’ – frank “the tank” herbert
yeah
yeah
estne volumen in toga, an solum tibi libet me videre?
both video &amp; just audio
are you sure?
yup, and across ios, android, windows, linux &amp; mac
it is a great community
and all proceeds go to veterans
i spent 3 hours in an mri machine on monday. bottom line is that my c5/c6 fusion is solid, so not an issue. however, there is a problem with my right shoulder blade rubbing against my ribs, which requires minor surgery. recovery will only take a few months.
everything done will pay respect to the past and present of italy
can we at least know how they will spend american tax dollars? i don’t mind some corruption, but it would be nice to know roughly how many pennies on the dollar are making it to the average person in ukraine.
i’m working on engineering, design &amp; server operations, which is what i like to do
this is the funniest place on the internet!
absolutely!
technically, lawful, but (depending on your perspective) awful, content can be shared, but it will not be recommended to users in for you
the fight will be managed by my and zuck’s foundations (not ufc). livestream will be on this platform and meta. everything in camera frame will be ancient rome, so nothing modern at all. i spoke to the pm of italy and minister of culture. they have agreed on an epic location.
true
am getting into better shape
you mean 11.4.7? that should be going to wide release within a week. version 12, which an almost total rewrite (~99% ai) is being tested by our qa drivers. too much new code to go to the public yet, but it is mind-blowing imo.
those bastards even get me through my jeans!
i love video games
agreed
time is a construct of human perception
reminds me of diablo
they’re used to a pace of innovation that is slower than continental drift. welcome to the fast lane!
that’s strange
i think the solution here is to price so-called “safe” advertising higher than “unsafe”. my companies will happily buy the latter.
even stalin couldn’t take finland in the winter war. when the entire local population is against you, winning is extremely difficult.
🤔 dunno
the future is gonna be wild
no problem to farm away, so long as you’re posting interesting or funny material
a lot of people met or at least got to know someone on this platform. if you like their posts, good chance you’ll like the person too.
don’t forget to enjoy the ups, even though there will be downs, otherwise what’s the point of having ups?
honey is neither animal, plant or fungus
but they have to be verified users or it is trivial to scam
cool feature for subscribers
this essentially means that x premium (fka twitter blue) is free for accounts that generate above 5m views. note, only views from verified handles count, as scammers will otherwise use bots to spam views to infinity.
we need to hustle and get our recruiting product available at scale!
this platform is by far the best way to reach world leaders, ceos and the cognoscenti in general
the crazy thing is that we are the only ones to open source our algorithm and on x it is the community that does (great) fact-checking, including on advertisers and me!
great product engineering &amp; design sessions today with the 𝕏 team! future is looking bright.
interesting
i pretty much just use (recommended) for you
nice
highly recommend doing this!
cool!
cool
reuters and facts are not well acquainted
damn
this is happening in many major us cities
i used history podcasts on a timer to fall asleep!
so cringe 😂
highly recommend “the explorers” podcast for stories of exploration of many cultures over the ages. am currently learning about ibn battuta, an amazingly widely traveled islamic explorer.
wise words
absolutely. i’m calling out ny times &amp; adl in particular.
sam harris has gone flat out insane. it’s tragic.
who was the lawyer?
this is crazy. we need them!
interesting
making parody memes of the current thing
he has a great point
many parallels
true
“experts at cnn” 🤣🤣
i’m saying that a moral civilization (where trust is relatively high among citizens) will outcompete an immoral one.
looks like we might just survive after all
not a super high bar these days, as snl has become so woke
not exactly subtle. it is unequivocally a genocide song!
this is important and fair to advertisers. they don’t have a right to censor this platform, but they absolutely do have a right to say what content appears next to their ads. that said, i would recommend advertisers not be super concerned about content adjacency. tesla and
that is tampering with the jury and deeply messed up. let’s see how the appeal goes.
when we were building our first company, my brother &amp; i ate dinner at the jack in the box on el camino every night!
just the fact that the media chooses what to write about and what to ignore means you are essentially *always* being misled
liking my own post liking my own post 😂
while not perfect, the american legal system is generally very good
are you sure about those numbers?
that was a long time ago and the rest of industry still hasn’t caught up!
the public blowback over those unconscionable restrictions will be severe
censoring the public on behalf of governments is a lot of work!
lmaooo
well of course they prefer censorship-friendly social media. the australian public does not.
that oreo frappé looks awesome!
people see in others what they fear exists in themselves. is one such person.
our policies make this inevitable
obviously
starship super heavy booster
😂 would be a genius move on their part
if you can find advertisers that want to advertise alongside your content, then you get revenue share. we cannot make them do this.
our user-seconds have reached all time highs in recent months, so something is wrong. will investigate.
the product is just … not good
that sounds like a good idea too. this is really fighting as (i believe) a noble sport. we also hope, with humility, to express our admiration for those who have fought before for noble causes.
will inquire
exactly!
you’re welcome
why is western media like this?
good question
they absolutely mean literal genocide. why are organizations like silent?
*collude
fate loves irony. over what period of time did mcgonigal collide with russia?
exactly. he can’t lose, which is why he loves these crazy high fed rates.
they also used to say that you couldn’t play video games for money too, now we have esports pro leagues!
literally true. the fewer people that sign up, the more revenue that x keeps!
exactly
so glad to see this happening!
will see if this is feasible. it would add a lot of complexity.
falcon flies again
shame on . shame, shame, shame.
13 years is a long tour of duty. zach will spend time with friends &amp; family, then do something else.
yeah, this will be great!
why do they keep pushing these lies?
people have no idea yet
good for him!
the lack of condemnation about eff actively calling for genocide is appalling
i guess i’d try to figure if there is some way to know what it is like outside the simulation
something is deeply broken in western journalism
pretty much 😂
since the algorithm recommends posts based on how much time people spend on them, both video and text content posted on this platform naturally get boosted more than links off platform, as the time spent on a link is short
maximizing unregretted user-seconds
i would like to thank zach kirkhorn for his many contributions to tesla over the course of 13 often difficult years. much appreciated and best wishes for the next stage of his career.
this will be cool
more interesting than you may expect
still don’t know if real or ai-generated 😂
yum cake 🎂
if the goal of ai is curiosity, aka understanding the universe, then it will aide humanity, because we are more interesting than not-humanity
a moral civilization, by which i mean one where individuals act for the collective good, will outcompete an immoral civilization. said another way, teamwork is power!
we still have a long way to go
nobody lives forever
i think we may have figured out some aspects of agi. the car has a mind. not an enormous mind, but a mind nonetheless.
mcdonalds is technically a scottish name
so few know how the internet actually works. starlink is an entirely new internet in space – homogeneous, rather than heterogeneous.
werebear lightning storm druid
if information fought a war against drugs, which one would win?
it is definitely confusing. i mean, how many people are coming to dinner?
yeah
yeah, it was nonstop impersonation, including many “verified” accounts
building starlink version 2 constellation
btw, room temperature superconductors would be nice to have, but not super transformative
great to see the full show here! i highly recommend using pic in pic with sped up video for maximum enjoyment of this platform.
diablo i &amp; ii were excellent. didn’t love diablo iii, but iv is great.
oh the iron y
strong contender for sure
diablo iv is a great game. nice work by the team!
am going with as my fighting style
great video!
yeah
it even works in antarctica. quite well, actually, since demand there is low.
you mean these platforms? 🤣🤣
go on …
a quill 🪶
exact date is still in flux. i’m getting an mri of my neck &amp; upper back tomorrow. may require surgery before the fight can happen. will know this week.
we are working on semantic (ai) search. will show posts of x that match the meaning of your search, not just the text.
definitely
well said
would be cool to see cybertruck tackle this
if the fight is short, i probably win. if long, he may win on endurance. i am much bigger and there is a reason mma has weight divisions.
i weigh at least 300 lbs
pretty much
zuck v musk fight will be live-streamed on 𝕏. all proceeds will go to charity for veterans.
product testing &amp; working out kills two birds with one stone! i swing one of the 45 lb weights for a kettle bell workout.
i did not vote for him last election, but such aggressive legal action against a former president is not right
aiming to get to 50 pound free weights this week. i build muscle fast. physical endurance is my weak spot, so i’m aiming to make this quick.
it’s a civilized form of war. men love war.
am lifting weights throughout the day, preparing for the fight. don’t have time to work out, so i just bring them to work.
bezos is pretty based these days tbh
ceo is fake title. you need a president, a controller and a secretary for a c corp, but all the chief [whatever] officer stuff is superfluous.
immersive video on this platform is starting to get pretty good. just tap on any video &amp; swipe up when you want to move on.
🔥🔥 i would buy something there for the humor alone
i often forget to do that
physics and engineering could taught so much better than they are. a narrative history of how and why they were developed is captivating.
nice
might watch that
alligators are not all that dangerous, but crocs snatch people from the shore and boats every year
i once went on a date in college and decided to order dishes backwards, starting with dessert first, which also was not a winning move
not super cheap, but 10x original value is still possible
soros arbitraged politics. he figured out that spending small amounts of money in many obscure, but influential, races is far more effective than money spent on major contests. the mistake people make is thinking that he did it for the good of humanity. he hates humanity.
we considered calling it balls, but that could be misinterpreted
famous last words
thanks zuck!
it’s literally more complicated than 99% of passwords at this point!
indeed
he doesn’t really need to prepare for anything. the so-called “risk free” rate offered by treasury bills is ridiculously high.
feels like that for sure
great, let’s have at it!
it is how i imagine him speaking
technology is accelerating
bizarrely, government funding is still being directed to hydrogen trucks. it is idiotic.
it makes people feel sad, because everyone on there seems to be living this incredible life, even if they’re actually suicidally sad. i prefer the truth, even it is dark.
we always have been, just that now it’s digital instead of biological
that needs to change. and donors should withhold funding until there is change. that will fix things pronto.
yeah
i’m part of the cya
too real
and we won’t just sue, it will be extremely loud and we will go after the boards of directors of the companies too
good question
literally
cramer’s track record is unmatched
cool
nice shot
lmfao
this does sound like a good case
kara, is that accurate?
with enemies this foolish, he doesn’t need friends to get elected
😂 nice
i’m told by my team that the credits are not currently stackable, so the best case is more like roughly $20k and there are significant income restrictions. still very compelling.
also, people should watch the life of brian. best movie ever.
exactly
if you were unfairly treated by your employer due to posting or liking something on this platform, we will fund your legal bill. no limit. please let us know.
super annoying
that game demonstrated outstanding insight into the stepping stones of actual civilizational growth
obviously
this platform is a harsh judge. i love it.
you can learn anything you want online
i have a long memory
diet coke &amp; coke zero are awesome. i don’t care if drinking gallons of it shaves a bit of life off. worth it.
dang, that is a lot of 🍎
exactly
really?
you can add your own posts to the highlights tab on your profile and bookmark posts of others in different folders
definitely! that’s coming soon.
*memes
they even suck at hypocrisy
the team worked long into the night. i only left work around 3am.
to be eligible for your ad revenue share, you must be an x premium (blue) subscriber. the ad money will otherwise be kept by x if you are not an x premium (blue) subscriber. this program is open to everyone.
i wonder what kind of hotel we would design if we did so. our tesla futuristic diner (grease meets the jetsons with supercharging) in la should be ready later this year.
long, but interesting. i recommend playing at 1.5 speed with pic in pic, so you can still use x and other apps while listening.
hi steve!
amazing
tell me about it …
please add your suggestions for features &amp; fixes in this reply thread. we want video on this platform to be the best in the world.
interest in ad rev share by content creators has far exceeded our expectations, so will take a few more days to process. major payouts coming soon!
they are actually killing white farmers every day. it’s not just a threat.
really?
the public deserves the right to see this
true
hear me out “instagram … but without the pics!”
good
aiming for 50 lb weights next week
absolutely
yikes
we do need to move towards a sustainable energy economy, but we don’t need to make people’s lives miserable or demonize oil &amp; gas (which is definitely needed for many years to come) along the way.
sorry about that. we’re working on it.
i have many good memories of taking my kids to the cheesecake factory at the grove in la
the overarching vision is for x to be a maximally effective group mind for humanity
i have serious concerns about ssris, as they tend to zombify people. occasional use of ketamine is a much better option, in my opinion. i have a prescription for when my brain chemistry sometimes goes super negative.
success is not guaranteed, but excitement is!
and we never will
interesting idea
seems low
true 😂
makes sense
which is great! they should be.
that’s the goal!
he has repeatedly called for killing of all white people. the “for now” part is false.
thanks for everything you’ve done for tesla!
preparing for next starship flight! this time, i think we have ~50% probability of reaching orbital velocity, however even getting to stage separation would be a win.
yeah
austin is booming
and ny times is his racial genocide apologist
melama literally just had a stadium of people chanting for racial genocide. he is beneath contempt.
yeah, it’s much better
the crazy thing is that they’re happening simultaneously!
exactly
one day it seems like we’re headed for a recession, the next day everything’s fine. hard to tell what the heck is going on!
would be awesome if this is commercially viable. super hope so.
extremely disturbing
dogs rock
either an x or a post
good question
i know some people hate on them, but i have to credit the whole team with reliably serving millions of coffees &amp; snacks every day around the world
exactly
legacy media and the truth …
i like it 😂
yeah, they are contemptible hypocrites
yeah. more and more countries are.
absolutely! humanity is dwindling and we are being led by geriatrics.
yikes
does look beautiful tbh
their entire coverage of sbf was absurdly positive. they all the sympathy in the world for sbf and none for those he scammed.
the new york times actually has the nerve to support calls for genocide! if ever there was a time to cancel that publication, it is now. you can read their articles for free anyway using
zuck himself barely uses it
yeah
they lost the plot long ago. shame on . shame, shame shame.
it’s been a while, but i used to love doing that
it’s been great working with
seriously
yeah, needs refinement
happens much more often than people realize. too much pure water desalinates your body.
true
hopefully makes it past phase 3
probably not 😂
when will the first product that uses alphafold ship?
why do you say nothing, ?
live video now works reasonably well. just tap the button that looks like a camera when you post:
still true
i^2 heating is tough
no we aren’t
how many times has he predicted a crash that didn’t happen?
good grief
ross doesn’t seem to realize that content creators need to earn a living. we are hell bent on making this platform the best place on earth for great content creators!
and i learn more here than anywhere else, from artificial intelligence to new discoveries in superconductivity!
i get more laughs from this platform than everything else combined and i hope you do too. thanks for posting such great content!
it committed the cardinal sin: boring people to death
interesting. center for censorship, disinformation and hate! that’s what they actually do.
yeah, short term t-bills are a no-brainer
looks awesome. is it off the shelf or modified?
no work is being done on this to the best of my knowledge
absolutely
we will find out when those donors testify under penalty of perjury
it had to be explained in terms most would understand. the point was not actually to create a traditional bank or “send payments”, but rather to fix the information problem that people call money.
exactly
best name ever
definitely worth it!
they do at my companies
tap the “…” on upper right when video is in full screen mode. we will soon allow this simply by tapping &amp; holding on a video just like you download a picture.
verified users can now download videos if the content creator allows it
what if the rocks are really small?
true
hell yeah!
a few times a year, i take sunday afternoons off
great work
cool, more people should post long videos on this platform
far better to delete code than add it
this is bizarre. they want us to pay *them* for traffic to their site where they make advertising revenue and we don’t!?
exactly! 🙏
and a massive amount of infrastructure software &amp; hardware improvements! we will do a post on that too. the list of technical achievements by the x team is incredible.
agreed, we’re working on it
will do
absolutely. you can also hold subscriber-only spaces and have amazing conversations with people around the world!
yeah, that’s coming soon
super important to support creators! if you can afford it, please subscribe to as many creators on this platform as you find interesting. people from every corner of the world post incredible content on 𝕏, but often live in tough circumstances, where even a few hundred
interesting interview of devon archer by
maybe we’re in the afterlife
lot of merit to decentralized control
this is a major problem. also, it seems that the real purpose of many legacy media orgs is simply to provide “official media citations” that support a politically biased wiki page. where do you even find physical magazines or newspapers these days –the scroll reliquary!?
exactly. if successful, x will enter the vernacular in ways that we don’t yet know. “saw it on x” “posted on x” “paid on x” “drunk texted my x gf” etc
was buried in tesla work all day, so unfortunately missed out, but that is good to hear 😂 so long as this platform is not boring, it will succeed.
this is the limiting factor
indeed, many parts of the world are reaching high peak levels of renewable energy production! due to the obviously intermittent nature of wind and solar power, the limiting factor for renewable energy growth is increasingly stationary battery packs at utility scale.
thank you for your contributions to information accuracy on this platform!
critical thinking should be the first thing we teach kids
yeah
such a sharp drop in the us life expectancy curve doesn’t seem correct
vehicle control is the final piece of the tesla fsd ai puzzle. that will drop &gt;300k lines of c++ control code by ~2 orders of magnitude. it is training as i write this. our progress is currently training compute constrained, not engineer constrained.
troubling posts
what won’t be? it is unreal how much of ai is data curation and heavy compute. certainly isn’t lines of code!
😂 i loved coding so much. it was cool that people would give you money for it too.
unless there are a few issues where you at least slightly disagree with your political party, then you are not in a political party, you are in a cult
it isn’t clear to me why people like feynman’s physics lectures so much. i found them to be ok, but not great. wouldn’t recommend them either to those who want to learn physics or those who have. his non-physics books, like “surely you’re joking …” are great.
hydrogen is a dumb way to store chemical energy in so many ways
but criticizing posts on this platform is not much harder than making them
exactly
true
just a little cheeky humor
blaze your glory!
discovery is a wonderful thing
thank you for visiting with us at tesla hq
things have changed a lot even since ~2017
is barbie (the movie) maybe better than oppenheimer? is that even possible? who has seen both?
too much sensitivity around offending almost anyone is killing comedy!
you can tell it’s propaganda when they choose terms that are impossible to invert. who is “pro” hate speech!? 🤣 their actual goals have nothing to do with hate speech and everything to do with censorship of public dialogue.
mostly agree
some people just have a dirty mind … 😂
that’s what i’m wondering. sounds like most of the movie is about his life before &amp; after los alamos, which is about 1% as interesting as what actually happened in los alamos.
that’s great! very important that people come into the office or the stores, restaurants, etc can’t stay in business.
it is important for more people to come to work in san francisco or the rest of the city can’t survive
sigh
oh i get it now! some people are reading the t-shirt as saying “i ♥️ an ai”. what a funny misinterpretation 😂👀
there is a downside to this: my internal mental torture is high
yeah
this was and continues to be a hard problem. spacex is building a new internet in space.
if in legal, pivot to fintech
programming for sure
evolutionary bias. positive news is nice to know, but negative news, for almost our entire evolutionary history, could mean death, so higher priority. what really messes things up in the modern era is that negative news can now reach everyone on earth, but still triggers a
bears aren’t real
will investigate
good point. why does the media have such a terrible sense of humor!?
starlink works almost anywhere
southeastern conference
wow, i’m glad so many people love canada too 🤗
good question. this appears to be foreign government interference. can’t wait to get their donors under deposition!
you can’t say it’s not tru deau …
i ♥️ canada
if not this year, certainly soon
ai gets it
first birds, now bears. is anything real?
they are openly pushing for genocide of white people in south africa. , why do you say nothing?
you are most welcome
let’s pull the mask off this organization and see who is really behind it
they should save their words for the jury
blaze your glory!!
oh hi lol
epcot for adults
cool
let’s do it!
moskovitz actually said that?
exactly
many have offered rich incentives for x (fka twitter) to move its hq out of san francisco. moreover, the city is in a doom spiral with one company after another left or leaving. therefore, they expect x will move too. we will not. you only know who your real friends are when
something special coming soon
we just proved it
beautiful
if someone only does good out of fear of divine retribution, then they are not good
i knew birds weren’t real
you’re welcome to visit!
our hq in san francisco tonight
great work by 𝕏 team!
their propaganda grows weaker by the day
slow week tbh
same
yeah
wtf 🤡 circus
he keeps calling the police about our sign modifications! 🤡
found pic of 𝕏 landlord in san francisco
people should read feynman’s books
it is hard to move the needle with physics these days. we need order of magnitude+ more powerful/sensitive hadron colliders for small stuff &amp; space telescopes for big stuff. civilization alternates between being science-limited (rare) &amp; engineering-limited (frequent).
it’s true 🖤
who are you going to believe, me or your own lying ears!?
i am a fully recursive psyop. imagine saying that to elon.
congrats team!
how do we know this is a real person?
that was next-level 🤣
_____ is a hell of a drug
true
bottom left is best
time for lindsey graham to retire
new water deluge system to protect against the immense heat &amp; force of starship launch
exactly
create anything!
yeah
also, this is after removal of a vast number of bots
never heard of it 🤷‍♂️
chart is 1/1 to yesterday
𝕏 monthly users reach new high in 2023
a basic cognitive test should be required for passing legislation that affects 330m people or making world-changing executive decisions
good question. humor certainly helps.
what’s it like in the metaverse?
true
is right that we need to stop impeaching and indicting presidents, unless our republic would otherwise be endangered, which is not the case at this moment.
“you don’t need logic to have a good time!” – sjm
i think we should have a psy op of the year contest
game changer for spam
it’s not super helpful for revenue tbh, but i love it
name is changing to xpro. will come with a wide range of psy op plugins.
this is messed up
that is the aspiration
good idea
we need to rethink the whole content interaction interface
so much tech transformation coming
a lot of people have asked to keep light mode, so we will, but the default will be dark and dim will be deleted
so fast and yet so slow
this has potential
maybe why he postponed the election
cool
stinky
i don’t think this is a deliberate plot, but simply what happens when you have an ai algorithm that optimizes for short video engagement with very few constraints
please contribute to improving the accuracy &amp; context of information on this platform!
true
true
congratulations! ♥️
mostly fake. that platform is overrun by bots next-level. they implemented view limits, but not write limits.
post on this platform too!
some games are better than sex tbh
extremely concerning!
the goal of my companies is simply to be as useful as possible, never to kill the competition. competing to serve the people is a good thing.
same. many hours of sleep went to x.
once again, parody of nyt &amp; actual nyt are indistinguishable!
tragic
how exactly did they *do* this survey? maybe the ones who didn’t answer are [ahem] otherwise occupied …
i’m not saying there are aliens, but …
i hope usa gets better at the beautiful game!
we can still do a lot better. analytics should ideally give you specific insight into actions you can take to increase engagement.
“you go to war with the psyop you have, not the psyop you want” – barbie
this platform will soon only have “dark mode”. it is better in every way.
good advice
we need a constitutional amendment. this is insane.
foolish decision
i love christmas songs!
i tested the version 12 alpha build today. it is mind-blowing.
it is such an honor to be able to work with and meet so many amazing people
maybe also some kind of basic test like “what is your job and what year is it?”
coming
exactly
so many good oreo variants!
that seems fair
to sleep with women endlessly without love is a cursed and hollow life
only people on our cse team have seen those pictures. for now, we will delete those posts and reinstate the account.
the reason for suspension should be shown, along with ability to appeal quickly and easily. there are so many layers of software (20+ million lines) that this is much harder than it should be. i’m told that this account was suspended for posting child exploitation pictures
spacex provided its knowledge of crewed parachute systems to boeing and we are happy to be helpful in any other ways. designing parachutes for orbital, crewed spacecraft is much harder than it may seem. was a major challenge for spacex.
mars might have a bigger brand
will consider
or they can just pay $1000/month for a verified organization subscription with the ability to convey that organizational authority to affiliates. this more than pays for itself in organic reach. the reason for the $1000/month is to set a moderately high bar to be a verified org,
is there something we need to address?
much simplification to be done!
looking forward to seeing it
that is my understanding
i don’t like the thicker bars, so reverting. the logo will evolve over time.
i’m not a fan of acronyms, as they worsen signal/noise in organizational communications
x will become the most valuable brand on earth. make my words.
interesting
death by llm will be increasingly common
i’m still puzzled that cnn is alive
accurate
that is the trillion dollar question
death by llm
gonna be a lot of this
people should post more
yeah
you understand, but few do
we kicked them off this platform, so they went elsewhere
lot of great people at 𝕏
i hope you’re right
unreal
they need to go all-in on reusability or be utterly uncompetitive. rockets are no different from other transport technologies, just harder to make reusable. no one would buy a single-use airplane, car or even bicycle! you’d need to tow another car just for the return trip 🤣
absolutely
exactly
good definition
amazing 🤣🤣
if you want a high speed backup
we cannot ascribe everything to the vaccine, but, by the same token, we cannot ascribe nothing. myocarditis is a known side-effect. the only question is whether it is rare or common.
affordability is the limiting factor
less computation than people think
looks fantastic
we rebranded to a shiba inu dog for a while. no impact.
working on it
twitter was acquired by x corp both to ensure freedom of speech and as an accelerant for x, the everything app. this is not simply a company renaming itself, but doing the same thing. the twitter name made sense when it was just 140 character messages going back and forth – like
i love it
curiosity is creative attention
our headquarters tonight
it you take a shot every time barbie says the word "patriarchy", you will pass out before the movie ends
that whole concept should be rethought
exactly
lmaooo
wanna bet?
same happens with tesla fsd. i forget that most people on earth have no idea cars can drive themselves.
nice
xciting!
balls. just … balls.
going with minimalist art deco on the upper right. probably changes later, certainly will be refined.
it begins …
chief nothing officer
min/max
not for long
accurate. [technical note: linux in 1999 was still early days, whereas windows had a whole video game dev community to draw upon. in later years with spacex &amp; tesla, i obviously went with linux. also, max was unequivocally wrong that the site wouldn’t work with windows. it
now points to interim x logo goes live later today.
we will have no name
you have the “invests in tesla” part wrong. do i look like warren f* buffett to you?
pretty good deal
always has
oh it’s happening alright
not sure what subtle clues gave it way, but i like the letter x
💯 this group chat for earth
you do well
if x is closest in style to anything, it should, of course, be art deco
great design
rise up and take back the city!
he described himself as an engineer first
dojo is arguably the biggest computer architecture overhaul since cray. doesn’t mean it succeeds, but it doesn’t lack for boldness.
team america
viewers
of course
sorry it took so long
nicholas sparks is one big psy op
now ask the tesla ai
uhh … i think we need to be carful with this stuff
and these are my pants
we should stop making our appliances so “smart”
i mean … whaddaya call this …
my character in diablo iv is more bejeweled than liberace on a bender
you rang?
but please don’t be super cringe like linkedin ugh … i can barely even type the word
not bad 🤔
to embody the imperfections in us all that make us unique
like this but x
now *that* was original!
at the end of the day, we all just stole the idea from quarks &amp; leptons
ai irl is happening. trying to secure alcatraz as the venue. it’s perfect.
💯 just did that
accurate
nice
if a good enough x logo is posted tonight, we’ll make go live worldwide tomorrow
and soon we shall bid adieu to the twitter brand and, gradually, all the birds
i wouldn’t wear pink if you put a gun to my head
frankly, i love the negative feedback on this platform. vastly preferable to some sniffy censorship bureau!
that looks amazing
there are limits, but yes
you’re welcome
chess is such a simple game
this is important
change default platform color to black
i like my women cerebral
i took a tequila shot every time barbie said patriarchy … only just woke up
that sheriff like 8 ft tall
some people do. it will be so good.
i worked out three times
true
we will look back upon combustion engine cars with the same quaint disregard that we currently possess regarding steam engines
paint it black
it’s gonna be ais emailing each other for infinity
true
and yet that book is still the best. the very best. rip tolkien.
like … he made jewelry himself, which is unusual among leaders, to be so hands-on, as it were
from sauron’s standpoint: hey boss, you’re not gonna believe this, but … some crazy midget jewelry thief with hairy feet stole your ring and now wants to throw it in a volcano!
so much of future “software development” is data curation
only a matter of time
literally, this is one of my actual jobs
hey i’m working lmao
in a galactic blink of an eye
it’s trivial to make a bomb now. could make one in my garage. fortunately, most terrorists are really bad at technology (phew).
yeah
so entertaining though
not to a maximally curious ai, for we are far more interesting than all the rocks on all the planets
seems to be headed that way
whoever created diet coke is real genius
are you not entertained??
and they keep coming back for more …
it doesn’t, as my mother will attest
man if aspartame really does cause cancer, i’m dead as a doornail lol
so funny having different colored belts
so you’re saying i’m a prince ;)
the scariest answer to the fermi paradox is that there are no aliens at all. they we are the only tiny candle of consciousness in an abyss of darkness.
sorry our pixels are so imperfect hopefully less so over time
watch at 2x speed pic in pic on this platform
how ridiculous must fb/instagram be that you can torch $10b on nonsense and still get away with it. does anyone actually even need to work there?
literally
incentives matter. would be odd if they didn’t!
he’s underrated
don’t forget szilard!!
timing seems like agi&gt;&gt;idiocracy
does anyone understand the internet?
“it worked after all”
true ♥️
maybe we auto populate whatever people don’t highlight themselves
is it actually good?
we can skip lower right
pixel. perfect.
seriously, we need to get going soon!
this video is indistinguishable from a having seizure
indeed
no problem, if they really insist, we will just keep the💰🤷‍♂️ maybe they like me so much that they just want me to have their ad money? just guessing.
only from the point at which they sign up for subscription verification
exactly. this is fair. advertisers have the right to place their ads where they would like.
intentional payments are more complex, but the accumulation of ad revenue share from feb will apply
you’ll soon also be paid for ads appearing when others view your profile page, approximately doubling payouts
many accounts on this platform can earn thousands of dollars per month in advertising revenue sharing if they become verified subscribers! takes 2 mins to become a verified subscriber for $7/month (annual plan) at
this platform aspires to be the best (or least bad) source of truth on the internet
sigh
you will be able to publish content of all types on this platform, including an encyclopedia or a several hour long video if you want
all content on the platform is subject to , even if we lose (even more) advertising money as a result
there are some accounts with over $20k available to be claimed! someone could claim their money, delete their account &amp; never return. totally up to them.
reduces unnecessary slowdowns
nice work
super heavy booster
next starship prototype
funniest fake news i’ve heard in a while
i agree
people with widely differing statistical biases (based on prior notes they’ve rated) need to agree that a note is accurate for it to be shown to the public. community notes is all open source btw.
or maybe a “check with us again tomorrow” loop
we are changing the auto-reply from 💩 to a “we will get back to you soon” infinite loop
uh oh
i’d like to join the fetched party, so i can be far …
was wondering the same
fight fire with fire
unfortunately, they cannot supply us with even a small fraction of how much compute we need!
exactly
yeah, especially the guy who stole a city bus video a few months ago
yeah!
luck 🍀
good podcast
this is insane
many
we need to make this more obvious and have better default selections
seriously
i love you guys 🥰
i have a fondness for hex
this is a big deal
i have great respect for farmers
yes, we call it conceptual telepathy
found this old photo where i’m trying to get my body weight under 225 lbs
great party trick
my son saxon says that
important for companies to sign up to fight impersonation and false organizational affiliation
accurate?
i can fart hard enough to inflate a car tire
doges ftw
they were instrumental to the success of giga berlin
lycurgus, founder of sparta as know it, laid down the spartan laws and swore all to an oath that they could not be changed until he returned. then went to the temple of the oracle at delphi and starved himself to death. now that is a bamf.
beautiful views
yeah
what’s your favorite halloween outfit?
can we please be friends please please
not you again 😮‍💨
cool
“tesla sued by reality for stealing its data”
um yeah it was us
methinks somebody doth protest too much …
hear, hear!
more improvements coming
that sounds spicy!
exactly
literally watching that rn
fight prep
well yeah of course. hope szilard is in there.
a side of fries
true
wild times indeed
sometimes we do dumb things
uh oh
great work by the x/twitter team
crazy times
great idea
starlink available in the philippines!
yeah
cool
edgy thing to say these days 😂
nice
there are pics of this all over the internet
orwell was next-level based
😂 who are you going to believe, online “experts” or your own lying eyes?
again, could not recommend this book more. audio version is great.
what were the circumstances?
mosquitoes almost killed me with malaria. so impolite of them.
this will allow users to post very long, complex articles with mixed media. you could publish a book if you want.
hmm ok
accurate
using your own inline ads is fine for now, until x/twitter can offer this
would be nice for the public to have some clue how the money is spent!
i hope so
well, at least spacex/starlink and tesla have significantly increased us production over that timeframe
reader?
exactly
starlink for sale in kenya! note, buying a starlink with global roaming allows you to travel almost anywhere.
that would be awesome
i have also heard this anecdotally from many professors and recruiters. very concerning.
yeah
that number sure comes up a lot lol
great question! let’s find out who is funding the destruction of free speech.
anyone know who is supporting this rat?
who is funding this organization? they spread disinformation and push censorship, while claiming the opposite. truly evil.
what actually matters is ads served to other verified accounts (so we know they’re not bots). we’re working on bugs that caused very few ads to be served on some accounts and also revenue sharing ads served on profile views. this could 10x or more payouts to some users.
this will hurt the kids
20 times a day?
this will be good
true
money back guarantee
true
upgrades coming
this does sound crazy. is the binding difference actually of meaningful magnitude? for comment.
team is improving communities fast
completely indistinguishable from a headline!
bravo! love is love.
posts of that nature, which diminish the experience, should soon get much less reach
post great content!
turn audio on for max satisfaction
this will increase the spam level of ads. fortunately, we already suck at ad targeting on this platform.
seems oppressive
lmaooo copy 🐈
yeah, there were thousands of articles like this
truth is more important than profits
they stand so far to the left that i’m surprised they can even see the right!
same happens to me, right wing accounts and even advertisers. latter not good for revenue (sigh).
wearing their jiu jitsu gi
you’re welcome. friends need to know whether you simply want to feel supported or actually to solve a problem (men often assume the latter), which may entail painful words, so best to tell them explicitly.
can i interest you in a little kelvin? 🥰
the set of all things not “far right” is very small these days, media sources say
not a high priority, given many pressing issues. i suggest images &amp; links for now.
yeah
great idea!
red wine test
exactly
lmaooo, but actually they do
it is insane
smart move by canada
he should have his day in court, but the allegations, and some things he has admitted saying, are troubling
there is trash, there is utter garbage and then there is bi
the ford lightning is a good vehicle, just somewhat expensive, especially given the high interest rates these days for any kind of loan
tesla has been focused on this for many years, given the extreme energy constraints of an electric car vs a data center
you inspired us all
i won the first round, but he was taking it easy on me
nice
😂 some are onlygans
true
cool
absolutely
whatever sins this platform may have, being boring is not one of them
friends are far better than therapy. the incentive structure is to keep you hooked, never “cured”. be especially wary of therapists in expensive neighborhoods – their true loyalty is to their landlord, not you.
dc is still my fav drink
that spigot doesn’t flow like it used to
math is irrelevant for most people
they are a piece of the puzzle
some 🔥 comments
affective autism &gt; effective altruism?
doges
highway to the …
yeah!
true, however if he doesn’t even try to rebut emad’s story, then we should give emad the benefit of the doubt
noted. does cyrus have a rebuttal to this narrative?
not happening
wise words more than ever
had a t-shirt that just said 1/137
if i follow an account &amp; they keep posting about it, they will be unfollowed
not a hard test
pixel perfect
there is a crazy amount of control that passive/index fund managers have over publicly traded companies
people actually love people, even strangers
we’re trying hard to stop bots &amp; trolls on this platform, so that may be part of the reason
😂😂 both you guys post quality content &amp; take feedback well
negative feedback is good for keeping ego under control
technical managers need to write or at least review code some of the time or they lose touch
that is my impression
he’s really burning the midnight oil lol
just use the bookmark function
possibly. dark matter is what seems most sketch to me.
exactly
complexity is like an innovation drag coefficient. we are desperately trying to reduce complexity in order to innovate faster.
yeah
great!
exactly
yeah, currently spaces is all cost, zero revenue
good ideas
i mean starlink glued to a pc gaming rig
starlink &amp; gaming rig
this article is negative, of course, but we did not see the increase in advertising revenue that was expected in june. july is a bit more promising.
double
neuralink can get us maybe even above chimp level
good to have as one of the goals
yeah sigh
citizen journalism is vital to the future of civilization
and all math in a computer is actually binary integer. all other math is simulated.
go for it!
everything is an integer in this reality
he definitely needs to go
he doesn’t seem to care about his new product
length of quote posts as seen on timeline will be shortened significantly. you will still be able to click through and see the whole thing, but qt’s can’t take up an entire screen. ads will also be shortened in vertical height. cost of an ad will be proportionate to its size.
great!
we’re working on it. for now, you can use apple airplay to watch on a tv.
what does “report content” mean?
sure, but i suggest doing both. if x corp subscriptions aren’t working out, you can always turn it off. may as well try it for a few weeks.
you should enable subscriptions on this platform. could even be at a higher price than off platform, as some will pay a premium for convenience.
all credit to the og quarks &amp; leptons
throw us a bone 🦴
madness
23 cents/day via web signup at
most media are as captured as trained poodles, but is not
speaking just for myself, i welcome the sweet release of death, but i would like to talk to my grandchildren before dying
my top invention ever
all day, every day
as promised. soon, we will share ad revenue from profile page views, which should roughly double payouts. note, only views from verified users count, as it is otherwise trivial to bot scam the view count.
😂 only had about 5k followers back then
done
great
yeah
only $7/month or ~23 cents/day if bought annually via web
change just went live. working now?
will make a massive difference
we will increase the rate limit for verified users by 50%. should take effect within a few hours.
wow. ok, we will increase the rate limit.
i think she’s cool tbh
vastly so
how much time does your phone say you’re spending on this platform? should take ~8 hours of almost continuous scrolling to hit the limit unless we’re doing something wrong.
working on it
that shouldn’t be happening for a subscription verified account. how much time have you spent on this platform today?
we are working on it. high priority.
yeah
what needs to be improved most urgently about dms?
should be a gamechanger for reducing dm spam
i want the best outcome for the people. russia has at least 4 times the artillery of ukraine and 10 times the ammunition. we have run out of normal ammunition to send ukraine, so now send them cluster bombs in desperation, debasing ourselves with no change to the outcome.
thank you for trying to stop this debasement of america
sending more weapons will change the body count, but not the outcome
woke mind virus illustrated
consider this silly policy deleted as of now
birth rates far below replacement are the foundational problem in advanced economy countries
the team is doing great work
i love my s too. it is pure joy on tap.
once again, young men who don’t know each other die for old men who do
on double envelopment day were sown seeds of defeat, canny orphans of cannae crushed carthage, salt sown as epilogue.
exactly
agreed
what was really wished for
america has always condemned as evil those who use cluster bombs, but now we send them to be used? no good will come of this. fate loves irony, but hates hypocrisy.
our brain paints the world
we’re still negative cash flow, due to ~50% drop in advertising revenue plus heavy debt load. need to reach positive cash flow before we have the luxury of anything else.
he laughed his ass off?
starlink serves the least served
definitely
how does this end?
thanks, this is helpful
i hope so
it’s actually way worse than that when including unfunded obligations
it never caught fire. due to my foolish driving, i crashed the car, doing an aerial 360 on sand hill rd with peter thiel, on our way to meet with mike moritz.
lot of good memories of that car. it is such exquisite engineering &amp; design! after zip2, i had a choice of either a house in palo alto or a condo plus a mclaren f1. took me about a nanosecond to decide.
based
hw3 cars are actually more advanced than hw4 cars right now, because it takes time to write software &amp; nn train for hw4
we should be actively recruiting super talented people, not putting up obstacles!
scary boston dynamics robot videos is why tesla is making optimus
sf will rebound bigtime if the people manifest their will to make it happen
that is part of my concern
japan is awesome 🇯🇵 ♥️
yeah, roughly triple usage per capita of usa
whatever the percentages, it’s still the best system on earth. i respect anyone who grinds hard for years to make useful products &amp; services, even if it doesn’t work out in the end.
great list
reducing population is 🥜 we need to increase population
i’d be dead long ago if aspartame was dangerous
good summary
we should be worried about this
😂 i deserve that
platform usage up 3.5% week over week
good summary
and if it doesn’t offend some people, you know it’s not truth-seeking
the placebo effect in the limit
xai discussion on spaces now
you can now limited new dms to verified users only (plus those you follow)
and i love ice cream
exactly. and those who try to game the system in ways that materially diminish value for other users of this platform will get dinged.
smashed my disc in a sumo fight
i might need an operation to strengthen the titanium plate holding my c5/c6 vertebrae together, but otherwise good to go
great post! pretty much the only thing that will get me to work out is fight prep. i know a lot of people love it, but i hate working out. my kids did brazilian jiu jitsu for a decade, now two of them do muay thai.
she seems cool
definitely
yeah, maybe a tab that you can swipe to that focuses on video &amp; photos
exactly!
i don’t think it will kill instagram, but it is definitely a feature we should have
great!
this is basically a group chat for earth
so desperately they can taste it
the cringe level will make your toenails curl
yikes
some people think these are chemtrails to control our minds. frankly, if these illuminati care so much and are this organized, maybe they should be in charge. unfortunately, i cannot figure out what they want us to do??
heat pumps ftw
cramer’s inverse curse still 💪
brands doing cringe posts 🤮
major problem
is there a chart by college major? i suspect that is a big factor.
good advice. very important note that the algorithm increasingly gives weight to time spent on a post, which means putting longform text &amp; video on this platform gets more promotion than off platform.
i hate that
“never went to therapy” please put that on my gravestone
i have a fondness for cappuccino art. the excellent people at polo lounge in la made an amazing free the bird one for me shortly after the acquisition.
looks like this platform may see all time high device user seconds usage this week
you’re welcome! this is not in response to competitors. i announced we would do this in february. sorry it took so long to roll out. it is only right that content creators are rewarded for their contributions.
i should wear that
testing
spaces discussion with team tomorrow at 1pm pt
it’s not exactly per impression. what matters is how many ads were shown to other verified users. only verified users count, as it is otherwise trivial to game the system with bots.
the real bribe is wapo paying her for “journalism”
fact
try meeting someone on this platform. many have.
update coming soon
also, one-punch man
for fighting preparation, i’ll use technique of famous inspector clouseau &amp; have cato attack me at random moments
“there is a time to laugh and a time not to laugh, and this is not one of them.”
inspector clouseau vibes
haha true
~69% market share
right thing to do
everyone gets noted, including me
anyone engaging in repeated theft of posts be demonetized
i gave my share to the creator payout pool
you can do that too 😉
very important
good summary
cool
yup, big difference
absolutely
why? american taxpayers have the right to know how their money is spent.
very early stage of x
poetic justice
please put them on this platform!
life, the universe and everything
revenue payout to content creators will be cumulative from when i first promised to do so in february
extremely concerning
absolutely
we do need to fix this soon. it is nuts 😂
insanely illegal overreach by ftc
so it goes …
i don’t think the fbi should be defunded, but there is clearly need for reform
disturbing
interesting
ftc overreach has gone absurdly far beyond the legal mandate granted by congress. weaponization of government agencies for censorship &amp; political machinations needs to stop.
this platform is unique in no longer rubber stamping fisa queries. they must be soundly justified.
progress
maybe that’s what the rolling stones meant
good point, will do
sick remix
ok, so what exactly is it?
accurate
several entities tried to scrape every tweet ever made in a short period of time. that is why we had to put rate limits in place.
it’s not agi until it can solve at least one fundamental physics problem
the 10 mins test is a good one
there are no angels in war
i keep telling people i’m an alien, but no one believes me 😉
yeah
i often wonder where consciousness starts, as we progress from one cell to ~35 trillion cells. if the standard model is correct, then quarks &amp; leptons become “conscious” no later than ~13.8b years from start, assuming there are no sentient aliens. btw, where are the aliens!?
and what are the most fundamental unknown questions? once you know the right question to ask, the answer is often the easy part, as my hero, douglas adams, would say.
a. how is it not already a serious felony? b. wtf!?
announcing formation of to understand reality
shame on “the guardian”
worth mentioning that you can now watch videos at up to 2x speed and view as pic in pic while still scrolling
interesting interview with
practically invisible
true
nuclear energy is underrated for sure
totally agree
we seem to be leveling off with a mid 80 year lifespan. are you aware of something presently that changes this outcome?
the answers sound correct, but often are simply confidently wrong
run the thought experiment: you’re stranded on an island with no hope of rescue. you can have a pallet of food or a billion dollars. the latter has no value, because there are no resources to allocate.
your phone has more computing power than the entire apollo moon program combined!
when will ai answer questions better than any human?
happened to me a few times
looks great
btw, your tesla can protect you from a bioweapon attack
same
use bookmark button. coming soon, your week’s bookmarks will be emailed to you per a user’s suggestion.
incentives matter. the current system incentivizes overspending, so we get overspending.
you are free to be your true self here
edgy move
we should probably stop calling them gpus, but yeah
negative feedback is great
exactly, it is hardest to fool. troll farms can still manipulate screentime via humans with lots of phones, but that is &gt;100 times more expensive than bots.
great design
fashion matters
exactly
great list
team is making progress in vegas
not sure about the next few years, but ai-driven economic amplification over the next 20 years will be much higher
one day it seems like things are bad, but the next day they seem good. these are strange times.
congrats boring co team!
many media organizations do pander to tribalism. which experts though?
can’t fake humor either
watching pic in pic video while scrolling this platform is great
cumulative user-seconds per day of phone screentime, as reported by ios &amp; android, is hardest to game. i think we may hit an all-time record this week.
💯 venn diagram intersection of zero 😂
this would so inappropriate &amp; lacking in dignity … let’s do it!!!
yeah
i can’t tell real cramer posts from fake ones!
autonomy is an insanely big deal. that’s what really matters.
it is definitely lava when reaching the surface!
sometimes i feel like we’re not being told a completely accurate story
parody &amp; reality are becoming indistinguishable
msnbc thinks you’re a nazi if you work out lmaooo
i recommend putting an episode on this platform. was very effective for apple with silo.
if the artillery ammo differential is really this significant, then there should be some concern about russia making territorial gains
insta tos summarized:
ancient magic from days of yore
what is this reality we live in!?
gerontocracy
censorship pays them well
😂😂 🎶 there’s no ship like a no-ship … 🎶
you will get more laughs from this app than everything else combined but i have to warn you … don’t be shocked … there’s some negative stuff too
and deliver over 200 tons of payload to a useful orbit with full &amp; rapid reusability. 50 rockets flying every 3 days on average enables over a megaton of payload to orbit per year – enough to build a self-sustaining city on mars.
looks like we can increase raptor thrust by ~20% to reach 9000 tons (20 million lbs) of force at sea level
level 9 is make humanity a multiplanet species &amp; true spacefaring civilization. that is why i am gathering resources.
like humans
yeah, should be evaluated when posting &amp; warn user that system detects nsfw
this is ancient technology
inner engine gimbal angle is limited in some directions, due to impacting outer engine nozzle, but probably ok
same
a classic
oops 😅
i propose a literal dick measuring contest 📏
for some reason, those are far more rare
sometimes it thinks rocket pics are dicks, which is … crazy of course
hotdog detector
with every fiber in my body
the flower of ukrainian and russian youth have been dying in trenches for a long time with almost no territorial gains. whichever side goes on the offensive against heavily entrenched positions will lose far more soldiers. moreover, russia outnumbers ukraine ~4:1, so would win a
just ignore
3 more engines for the meaning of life
the outside context problem
your account was labeled as nsfw by our dick pic bot on 6/26, because you posted media with nudity from pride parades. corrective action is to label the individual posts as nsfw, rather than the whole account. should be fixed now.
zuck is a cuck
utah governor is absolutely correct
this platform will protect anons for this reason particularly
drones
should be fixed now
love art deco
time for parents to fight back!
guaranteed to make you stand out at parties!
edgelord rating ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
it’s possible
🎯 “the guardian” specializes in laboriously pedantic propaganda
and then some
whoa 🤯
beautiful
charming
improvements coming too
true
good point
dune is &gt;10k years in the future. that’s like someone today being named after an unpronounceable, mid-size province in ancient sumeria.
it’s time people knew this is my burner account
if the word “parody” is literally in the account name, then i think one cannot blame the account
i look insane lol
most people still don’t get it, because they think you’re still partly driving. they only fully understand when they’re in driver’s seat, but aren’t driving at all.
i have been pushing for some kind of regulation beyond zero
accurate assessment. threads is just instagram minus pics, which makes no sense, given that thirst pics are the main reason people use that app. how many times have you read comments on insta pics &amp; wished there were more? personally, never.
they sold out bigtime
maybe it’s just a case of using too much moisturizer
nope
sure
just drove cybertruck around austin!
it’s awesome
we’re deprecating circles in favor of improved communities &amp; dm group chat
so many people think this account is me 👀
agreed
countries &amp; companies aim too low. their lack of ambition is their shortfall. the mission of spacex is to make life multiplanetary. even slightly succeeding in that goal results in crushingly good performance to earth orbit.
the appreciation is mutual
wachtell brags about how many former delaware judges work at their firm. they specialize in institutionalized corruption.
interesting
the flower of ukrainian &amp; russian youth are dying in trenches, with no meaningful change in territory
phones are not safe
would be interesting to hear from the chief of police
with rare exception, this is true
😂 true
“the termination line”
with the exception of this platform, large social media companies gladly engage in heavy censorship
you can also sync your phone calendar with car &amp; tap on screen to go to an address. and just swipe down on nav button to route home or route to work if you’re at home.
deep thot
imagine if all social media were under zuck’s thumb
i have a t-shirt that says “lasers can do anything”
yikes
in the spirit of self-awareness, what are you?
any social media monopoly is despair
a closed source, algorithm-only system means that manipulation of what information people see is essentially undetectable
is this accurate ?
metaphorically too
competition is fine, cheating is not
california has pushed hydrogen for a long time. makes no sense.
must confess to a deep love of fashion &amp; architecture
it is infinitely preferable to be attacked by strangers on twitter, than indulge in the false happiness of hide-the-pain instagram
won’t be long before there are many such clusters, some considerably larger
extremely concerning
i wonder what goes on at the “regular wednesday meeting”
accurate. unless bots start buying things at scale, only human views count.
any guesses?
is this accurate, ?
interesting
definitely
interesting
god bless america
rare
very important
most people need something
yikes
got sunburned again last week (sigh)
😂 happy july 4th 🇺🇸 to you &amp; your brother ! i appreciate that you try to connect people of different viewpoints &amp; engage in rational dialogue.
🇺🇸🇺🇸 happy independence day! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
cool
good question
fighting bot and troll farms is hard
it was an honor
thank goodness they’re so sanely run
yeah
really fun! the obvious conclusion is that i need a *lot* more training.
😂 capitalism may indeed result in communism! it is the most ironic outcome.
not clear what money means even in a benign, post-scarcity agi scenario
absolutely. not doing so is crazy.
wish we could have a foundation tv series that at least vaguely represented the books
great scene
sure seems like it
who appoints the police commission?
so few realize this
coming
comedy is legal on this platform!
in yet another exercise in irony, this post achieved a record view count!
not this platform!
if dying from irony were possible, it would’ve been be a massacre
you awake from a deep trance, step away from the phone to see your friends &amp; family
subtle double entendres there
copy 🐈
😂 earth is big &amp; we are tiny
they really do
look at that sartorial splendor!
things are getting weird fast
this is a gem
here you go
so much space
oh the irony of hitting view limits due to complaining about view limits
yeah
seriously 🤦‍♂️
because the dems are trying to hide massive entitlements fraud
major far reform is needed
interesting
treason
the ultimate grifter gravy train
that is already possible
momentum is growing rapidly to impeach activist judges who repeatedly fail to follow the law
deeply honored to support president ⁦⁩ in this revolutionary administration. interview with ⁩ airs on tuesday.
the adjustment will be difficult for many of them, as they are used to being paid a lot for nothing. they now have to get a real job, which pays fair wages for work that is actually useful to their fellow human beings. a tough, but good transition.
accurate
it’s true. something must be done
whoa
thanks :)
having world war level of national debt without fighting a world war is catastrophic. the team is tracing and stopping the insane levels of waste and fraud very quickly.
and he really knew what he was talking about
exactly
this judge has sympathy for criminals, but not for their victims
literally exactly what is saying!
surely it’s reviewed at least every year?
interesting
true
terrible
the legacy media were all being paid off by usaid
and how much money actually even got to the intended recipient?
noted
😂💯 i’m arguably too transparent!!
true
what more could they possibly want to know!? 🤣🤣
true, aba has become a far-left political organization
looking forward to it!
true
true
true
yes, we will
there will be no wasted launch window
high time we cut bs “online training”!
correct
word frequency is a good measure of the contagion of a mind virus. most people don’t understand that a mind virus can be just as deadly as a physical virus.
based
was there any organization that didn’t get usaid funding?
he is in for a rude awakening
the woke mind virus is powerful, but it is being destroyed
sounds familiar
institutionalized racism &amp; sexism is no longer allowed
funding for racist baby training is canceled
great speech by vp !
they call everyone they don’t like a nazi
this would actually be awesome 😎
interesting
yeah
it is astounding how much taxpayer money can be saved with even a small amount of effort
looks like over-diagnosis &amp; over-medication of the youth is a major problem
yes, the bureaucracy is overwhelmingly geared to serve the democratic party
the democrats are importing voters! it is very important to understand that they really are doing this at scale. it is fact, not rhetoric.
yeah
what are they talking about?
when someone who is supposed to care for you does you wrong, that breaks most people, but eventually the passing on of generational trauma must end.
you and marc elias are undermining civilization. did you guys suffer childhood trauma or something? this seems like a generational trauma transfer issue.
wsj is so broken
♥️♥️ happy valentine’s day ♥️♥️
so many situations like this
crazy ratios
have you tried turning the government off and on again?
i hope dustin burrows passes school choice in texas to give kids a chance. if kids only have one school option and it’s bad, then it’s like they never had a chance at all.
cool
true
i’ve had a top secret clearance for many years and have clearances that themselves are classified. that said, far too much information is made “classified”. if something is easily found online or patently obvious, it should not be classified. this impedes effective
wearing my tech support shirt today! what more proof could they possibly need?
what’s this thing people keep talking about? personally, i’ve never heard of it 🤷‍♂️
true
they have produced some good stuff over the years, but it has been completely ignored. still, very big building.
cool
true
lawfare has gotten out of control
it was an honor to meet
worth mentioning again
i am so entertained
more of your tax dollars saved
true
does seem weird
i’m just a volunteer tech support guy and have the t-shirt to prove it
exactly
that’s them alright
based
smart move
reuters was literally paid by the federal government for “large scale social deception”. that’s literally what it says on the official government documents!!
cool to see the executive orders
true
interesting
vox populi vox dei the people have spoken impeach the corrupt judges!!
if any judge anywhere can stop every presidential action everywhere, we do not live in a democracy.
toy boat is performing well
so much graft
congratulations !!
nice
it’s almost like there’s a massive uniparty grift machine here in dc 🤔
why do they keep wanting to fund the national endowment for bureaucracy!?
lot of this is happening
rfk will be fine. don’t believe the legacy media.
cool
but leading democrats said there was no fraud in government payments 🧐 maybe because they’re getting their cut. that’s what they’re afraid will discover.
🇩🇪 afd is the only hope for germany 🇩🇪
the degree to which children have been indoctrinated in misanthropic propaganda at schools is shocking
arrest the car!
this is you with federal taxpayer money
support !
absolutely
absolutely. we still haven’t discovered just how much the media was paid and controlled by the government, but we will.
wow, that’s insane
true
what if i get eds too!? 😱
only if you can say “toy boat” ten times fast. it’s surprisingly hard 😂
reuters received far more money than this from us government organizations, but via various subsidiaries and intermediaries to hide how they were getting it. this is just what has found so far.
excited to announce that a dubai loop will be built by the !
what happened to them?
dramatic changes for the better are coming. if massive change is not made, america’s security is in danger.
funny that 🤔
yeah
true
same
seriously
they should!
where did the money come from?
fake news and it’s “dark maga”
for a second, i thought this was parody
any given law will do the opposite of its name. the one this guy wants to pass is called “taxpayer protection”, which means its real goal is giving taxpayers the shaft! what he really cares about is hiding the biggest scam in human history.
how much democracy have they managed to achieve in the past 10 years, given that democracy is what they’re “endowed” for? zero.
so much crazy stuff
so many situations like this
when not wasting money on bureaucracy, the department of education has been funding anti-americanism, gender nonsense and anti-meritocratic racism
“the associated propaganda”
very important message
how much are they paying you, schiffty?
how much time is spent doing pointless “online training”? sounds pretty bad. even i have to do some of this stuff.
nope
well, maybe this explains why the democrats don’t want to investigate. biggest fraud operation in human history!
but the legacy media said there was no fraud …
unlikely 😂
i’m pretty sure tesla isn’t getting $400m. no one mentioned it to me, at least.
that’s actually a real thing. when equipment in the mine breaks down, it takes longer to process your retirement paperwork!
starbase, texas, will soon be an official new city
pharma lobbyist says what?
so true
yeah
there will be a happy ending
way too many refs on the field!
will we actually choose the algorithm?
it just makes sense
and it will improve rapidly over time
failure to address this will absolutely bankrupt america!
interesting
interesting
details of cost savings will be posted here
the current paper-down-a-mineshaft retirement system will be digital within a month or so
reuters was paid millions of dollars by the us government for “large scale social deception”. that is literally what it says on the purchase order! they’re a total scam. just wow.
yeah
the government is literally still running cobol code that was written before dos 1.0
doge
i wonder how much money reuters is getting from the government? let’s find out.
a second american revolution is needed to free the people from their oppression by the bureaucracy!
not anymore
hey , why the lie?
interesting
why 90% of america loves 😂
interesting
the democratic party is dying on the vine
posting the savings and the receipts
the white house now has tech support. the matrix is being reprogrammed to make success one of the possible outcome. they did not expect this. k. maru.
it’s a start, but way more money needs to be cut in wasteful spending
a criminal violation of the constitution
well, if there’s anyone that knows about corruption, it would be you. how much has your wealth increased since you’ve been in politics? just round numbers would be fine.
schiffty is 100% on the take
progress
he really does! 🥰
yup, it’s so crazy!
not everyone is a fan, i guess 😂
karoline for the ko!
i tried talking to people at an la party about trump just before the election and simply mentioning his name made them lose their minds and foam at the mouth! it was like they got shot with a dart containing meth and rabies!!
a kindergartner …
it’s not even a good soap dispenser
true, we take these marvels for granted
also the government
this evil judge must be fired!
federal judges who repeatedly abuse their authority to obstruct the will of the people via their elected representatives should be impeached.
what a scammer!
as it becomes clear that is working, you will see the long-term treasury bill yields fall. and all americans will benefit from lower interest payments on mortgages, small business debt, credit card and other loans.
this is how it should be. america protects its citizens. no american left behind.
anderson coper
another fake judge
impeach this pseudo-jurist!!
yeah
true
the full story is quite interesting! there are many such situations in the government, but this one has such vivid imagery.
seriously. very weird that the dems are fighting so hard to keep fraud &amp; waste! i wonder why … 🤔
yay!! congratulations,
lack of caring and competence was a much bigger factor than corruption (which was still big)
just follow for details. there is a firehouse of information.
impeach this activist posing as a judge! such a person does great discredit to the american justice system.
interesting
doesn’t sound like they’re winning
there are massive federal entitlements fraud rings that scam us taxpayer money and send it overseas
who is giving her the money?
yeah, doesn’t that need to be disclosed?
interesting
probably not 😂
that’s weird
raskin’s worried about his gravy train
well, does admit there is waste in government, so that’s progress!
i bet that very little (maybe none) of that money actually reached kids in ethiopia. the nature of the ngo scams is to have a cause that sounds philanthropic, like “save the orphans of sadville” and then they pocket the money and zero actual orphans are helped. have seen this
there needs to be an immediate wave of judicial impeachments, not just one
no kidding. yet another corrupt judge.
the new york times lies relentlessly
yeah
gracia does not sound like he’s fun at parties 😂
when i asked why they were paid $1.5mm to “observe mailing and clerical operations” at a mail center, nobody knew … 🤷‍♂️
true
fresh snowfall in dc
good compilation of discussion
$50m of condoms is a lot of condoms 🤷‍♂️
there are so many crazy things we’ve found! this is visually shocking, but there are vastly bigger inefficiencies.
nato needs an overhaul
🇺🇸🇺🇸 they’re coming home 🇺🇸🇺🇸
well, the us deep state did in fact do that
least fun party ever 🤣🤣
they need to mix it up a little more. maybe use a thesaurus or something.
important thread on ai
their authenticity is overwhelming
the debt clock is terrifying
funding for ebola prevention and the parts of pepfar that appeared to be useful were not cut
true
true
frankly, the biggest factor in making the government more efficient is modernizing the technology
organizations are no longer going to receive vast amounts of taxpayer money for nothing. the people deserve good value for money.
absolutely
what did ned get done last week?
😂💯 i’d like to know exactly which democracies ned is helping and how!
bravo! we must impeach judges who are grossly undermining the will of the people and destroying america. it is the only way.
maybe an inquiry into lawfare?
seriously 🤨
there need to be some repercussions above zero for judges who make truly terrible decisions. judge not, lest ye be judged.
this is so insane!
seriously
assange is right!
he made a percentage
it is wild!
terrible!
this is the only way to balance the budget
🇺🇸🇺🇸 absolutely!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
true
maybe it’s just me, but i think there is room for improvement here
exciting times ahead!
it’s not like these politicians started companies or were nba all-stars, so where did they get all the money? does anyone know?
exactly
great!
they imported voters to stack the election
accurate. however, progress is roughly at the ~$4b/day savings needed to achieve a $1t deficit reduction in government financial year 2026, which starts in october. we just need to keep gaining momentum.
the party is just getting started 😎
truly absurd. judges as website editors!? we should at least attempt to fire this junky jurist. the notion of having a judge job for life, no matter how bad the judgments, is ridiculous! enough is enough.
“judicial dicktatorship is wrong!” – harry bōlz
cool
“what a dick!” – harry bōlz
censorship industrial complex
welcome to mars
now 69% off!
just ask ligma johnson!
interesting
check out my bio
check out my bio too. usaid was massively overcharging taxpayers for circumcisions around the world (actually real), so i thought i would compete with them 🤣🤣
this is getting ridiculous!
it was a tool of the radical left
because they’re child predators themselves
made them say my name 🤣🤣
which law firms are pushing these anti-democratic cases to impede the will of the people?
exactly
important
the louder that any given politician yells about cutting government waste, the more corrupt they are. good rule of thumb.
interesting approach
does it help that i changed my name to harry bōlz?
absolutely
good question
so true, biggus, so true
she just wants her graft money
scam altman has crazy eyes
wsj sucks. i don’t read it.
nice 😎
my guess is that the legacy media is receiving all told several billion dollars from the us government alone. they are also mooching off other governments.
treason at the fbi!
this is so awesome 😎
one of the things usaid was doing was offering free circumcisions throughout the world, but charging us taxpayers ridiculously high prices! i decided to compete for the business.
but really how did she?
this is insane. on trial for liking a post! thank the lord that america has the first and second amendments.
we need judicial reform now!
personally, i trust him implicitly
ask and you shall receive 😉
no, you’re wrong. also, have you noticed that anyone with a brain and integrity is leaving the democratic party? just curious.
contingent on civilization maintaining an upward trend
i need to meet this elon guy. he sounds awesome 😎.
same
i will play fatalismftw today with my eyes closed. audio only.
these judges are breaking the feedback loop to the people and therefore subverting democracy itself
one day
am i not the player of games?
20 to 30 years
precisely
extremely urgent
there is only one timeline
here you go
judicially-mandated corruption!
starlink now available in bhutan!
true
we know you’re the swamp, schiffty, no need to brag about it!
this is deeply wrong! a judge just blocked dropping the overhead charged on nih grants from the outrageous 60% to a far more reasonable 15%. this judge is forcing the corruption to continue. wtf.
we are witnessing an attempted coup of american democracy by radical left activists posing as judges!
exactly
government-controlled media
same
the reason the dems imported so many illegal voters was to achieve permanent one-party control, just like happened in california
democracy in america is being destroyed by judicial coup. an activist judge is not a real judge.
america would have become a one-party state
the dems sold america for political power
absolutely!! there is zero doubt about it. zero.
same thing is happening in uk and much of europe
they’ve been importing voters to gain control. your country is being stolen from you.
i’m putting these lyrics to music! 🤣
we live in the most interesting of times
noted
big balls is awesome 😎
interesting
if saving lives was actually the goal, why did usaid make this a requirement? it truth, it never was the goal.
your tax dollars were spent on forest gender consulting
this was a gem
your tax dollars were spent on this
please send us a subpoena with “big balls” on it. i’m begging you please 🙏.
mark, why do you just do what you’re told? when we speak in person, you talk like a human, not an npc, but then you (or your intern) post stuff like this and you always vote democrat, even when it’s against the interests of your constituents.
by far.
there should at least be charges filed against the worst offenders!
at this point, i am 100% certain that the magnitude of the fraud in federal entitlements (social security, medicare, medicaid, welfare, disability, etc) exceeds the combined sum of every private scam you’ve ever heard by far. it’s not even close.
what a tangled web
so many fake protests paid for by the same corrupt ngos that is defunding
and wins again
sometimes
imagine if this had gone on for 4 more years
seriously
i was literally on the campaign trail
so much corruption
good question
job is fake too
please stop making your intern post stupid lies on social media
interesting
indeed 🤨
exactly. the situation is worse than you could possibly imagine.
some of the cobol code running on the government mainframes is over 50 years old
cool
has anyone tracked how she got $12m from a $200k salary? this is a real question.
awesome
absolutely
true
indeed
true
unfortunately, i missed this post due to a refresh
the comments in this thread are comedy gold 🤣🤣
that disgusting bbq is a crime against humanity!
look into this schumer guy, he’s definitely done crime!
this administration will get rid of all regulations that make no sense, like this one
never a dull moment on 𝕏
this is fucked up
this retard thinks the government uses sql
swindler
noted
can you believe they were spending your tax dollars on this 💩??
true
very strange 🧐
thank you
exciting to see the momentum of true patriots who want to fix america!
holy cow, the deficit is even worse than expected!! fraud and waste accelerated massively under the biden administration
under biden, fema took money away from americans in need of disaster relief and spent it on 5 star hotels for illegals. pure evil.
no kidding …
they are hiding massive fraud and don’t want their grift to end. this is how we know we are over the target. everything does will be published for the world to see. let the public judge for themselves.
starship is the largest and most powerful flying object by far
this guy was sent to prison for being a literal pimp with a cadre of prostitutes! lmao
cool
bill riley is an incredible engineer and great human being
yeah, these spam texts drive people crazy, especially in battleground states
what happens is that those who want the government corruption &amp; waste to continue will shop around the country for an activist judge to do their bidding. it is an undemocratic and unconstitutional power grab by a tiny group of radical leftists!
very true! many times, the team has found excellent people at the working level in government who want to do the right thing, but have been prevented from doing so by prior management. treasury is a great example. if we just empower them to make the sensible decisions
excellent indeed
great idea!
there is opportunity for improvement everywhere
autonomy will make the stalk about as useful as an appendix
be proud to be british! 🇬🇧🇬🇧
wow, your tax dollars are being torched!
yeah
because they’re in on it
and it only gets better from here. tesla is still on track to launch autonomous ride hailing in austin in june and roll out to many cities in america by the end of this year. the threshold is achieving safety far in excess of the average human driver. ultimately, autonomous
true 😂
cfpb has $711m? that money should be returned to taxpayers.
under biden, fema betrayed the american people by diverting funds meant for natural disasters to pay for luxury hotels for illegal migrants
yeah, i can’t emphasize this enough! the goal of auditing the social security administration is to stop the extreme levels of fraud taking place, so that it remains solvent and protects the social security checks of honest americans! that’s it. that’s the goal. end of story.
definitely not, as they are murderous thugs. this is so crazy!
among many other things, today canceled a $17m project to provide tax policy advice to liberia. why would anyone think that this is a good use of your tax money? 🤦‍♂️
listen larry, we need to stop government spending like a drunken sailor on fraud &amp; waste or america is gonna go bankrupt. that does mean a lot of grifters will lose their grift and complain loudly about it. too bad. deal with it.
absolutely. the people unequivocally voted for major government reform. judicial tyranny is grossly improper!
this tells me that he is trying to hide massive fraud
this is crazy!
cool
absolutely
he’s afraid of us finding his graft
yes, that was a huge lie by the biden administration. funds were diverted from almost every part of the federal government to maximize the number of illegals in america. there also appear to be significant funds siphoned from social security to pay for illegals.
true
there should definitely be accountability for this
seriously 🤣🤣 and for damn sure, i’m 1000% more trustworthy than untold numbers of deep state bureaucrats and fraudsters who may be misusing your ssn right now.
there is a massive effort by the unelected bureaucracy to oppose the elected president, house &amp; senate!! this is why i say the true &amp; noble battle is to restore democracy, rule of the people, from the bureaucracy, rule of the bureaucrats.
true
true
you are right. the truth is that ngos are used by governments to do things that are illegal to do directly or would be opposed by the public. super shady.
she was lying
they are afraid that their fraud will be discovered
unfortunately, i’m in the middle of critical work in washington dc. i can participate via video.
america provides way too much funding to the un and associated entities
it is outrageous
wow. i recommend looking at all media and software subscriptions for either full cancellation or reduction.
it is obviously an oxymoron to be a government-funded, non-governmental organization. they are simply an extension of government, but with less accountability and a false veneer of independence.
yeah
crazy
does still hold this position?
the team just discovered that fema sent $59m last week to luxury hotels in new york city to house illegal migrants. sending this money violated the law and is in gross insubordination to the president’s executive order. that money is meant for american disaster relief
it’s time
sure
same playbook in the uk as in the us. i wonder who came up with this evil strategy?
yeah
at least
excellent summary of the game plan
absolutely
we must defeat bureaucracy
happens all the time
true
can you believe your taxpayer dollars were being spent on a fauci exhibit?
wow, this just gets crazier
the legacy media does exactly this. shame on them.
exactly
correct: the rules for the past four years made it impossible to win a federal research grant without some form of dei
the federal government has forcibly injected dei into everything. most people still don’t get it. everything.
sounds very suspicious
a high price was long since paid
slavery was everywhere for all of human existence, until the past few hundred years
this genocidal lunatic is the leader of a significant political party in the south african parliament
those are just the explicit dei grants found. vastly worse is that every education and research grant made over the past four years required dei in one form or another.
yeah, it’s crazy. my rough guess is that there are tens of millions of media &amp; software subscriptions that are unnecessary in the government.
big changes
troubling, but true
milton friedman was spot on
where else would you go?
exactly
population collapse
true
interesting
amazing that this is a real issue!
follow the super bowl
have you considered ozempic?
true
vibe shift is real
register for the starlink direct to cell beta program with t-mobile
i guess he’s a fan 😂
thanks
exactly
same
starship super heavy booster
🇺🇸 gulf of america 🇺🇸
cool
yeah
exactly
sendil is great
where is this exactly?
yikes
guess i better maximize my security 🤔
crazy
given what he has posted, his account is now classified as nsfw. you should not be seeing that anymore.
look closer and don’t be a fool. the south african is tacitly genocidal.
we’ve come a long way
wow, what a dick this guy is!
absolutely
it clearly doesn’t add up
oh i guess it’s ok to chant “kill the whites” then!!?? this party has significant votes in the parliament and there is no condemnation or repercussions for advocating genocide from the south african government. wtf is wrong with you??
exactly
yes, it is now or never. we are at a fork in the road of destiny.
hegseth is driving hard for a comprehensive overhaul that strengthens the us military and improves the lives and combat power of the soldiers
that would be amazing 🤩
this is what we’re dealing with everywhere in government
he is chanting kill the white farmers to a cheering stadium
exactly
what’s actually scary is that the government has your personal info! how much do you trust the deep state? btw, at paypal, we had the detailed financial data of 100m+ people. never once was it abused.
nope
true
the american public loves what they’re seeing!
maybe the key feature for fraudsters
sounds very fishy
big changes underway
exactly
true
openly calling for genocide against white people!!
sounds illegal …
immediate sanctions for malema and declaration of him as an international criminal!
i’d like to propose that the worst 1% of appointed judges, as determined by elected bodies, be fired every year. this will weed out the most corrupt and least competent.
who owns these terrible game publications? we need new ones. i don’t trust any of them anymore.
why do you allow this, ? this is a major political party in the south african parliament and their leader is calling for genocide of white people.
this will be great
video game”journalism” is garbage
true
all aspects of the government must be fully transparent and accountable to the people. no exceptions, including, if not especially, the federal reserve.
is the left really just a giant kleptocracy? the evidence increasingly suggests it is.
how did she accumulate wealth that is 100 times her after tax salary?
yeah
yeah
seriously 🤨
this is crazy.
i’m not. wtf are you talking about?
yeah
true. send your friends links to 𝕏, so they know what’s actually going on in the world vs the propaganda bubble of legacy media.
yes, shut them down. 1. europe is free now (not counting stifling bureaucracy). hello?? 2. nobody listens to them anymore. 3. it’s just radical left crazy people talking to themselves while torching $1b/year of us taxpayer money.
the best way to understand the system is that it is designed for complaint minimization: people don’t complain if they receive money, but do complain loudly (especially fraudsters!) if they don’t receive money. therefore, everything is geared towards sending out the money, even
starships on mars or, even better, stationed throughout the asteroid belt, would be ideal for protecting earth from asteroids and especially comets
yeah, same people 🤡
true
cool
no kidding …
a second american revolution, of course!
probably way higher!
teachers in california spend their time indoctrinating kids in dei racism &amp; sexism &amp; communism, instead of teaching them the skills that help them succeed in life. this needs to stop!
a corrupt judge protecting corruption. he needs to be impeached now!
💯 i’m personally gonna work the chisel.
the reason the radical dems don’t want an audit of social security fraud is because they’re the ones getting it …
big balls 🤣🤣🤣
just learned that the social security database is not de-duplicated, meaning you can have the same ssn many times over, which further enables massive fraud!! your tax dollars are being stolen.
this is the way
it’s time
human-created data is so small
false. fy2026 cost reductions are tracking above the $4b/day savings necessary to achieve a $1t reduction in the deficit.
pretty much
“independent media” lmao
sure seems that way
yeah. tesla losses were high for many years, so carry forward. super majority of profit is from production and sales overseas, not us. but the point i am making is that we need tax reform!
so crazy
exactly
corrupt judges protecting corruption
so funny 🤣🤣
we don’t have any personal data of americans, you corrupt moron
dragon has reached
vinod is just actually not smart
satellite direct to phone will always be 10 to 100 times less bandwidth than a dedicated antenna that has 10x surface area, is precisely optimized for communicating with satellites and has much higher power
yeah
interesting
exactly. they want to take away freedom of speech!
coffee in the morning is so great
exactly
he doesn’t need to be reelected this time and many people, myself included, will help him reform government. the swamp will be drained.
very few americans realize that, if trump is not elected, this will be the last election. far from being a threat to democracy, he is the only way to save it! let me explain: if even 1 in 20 illegals become citizens per year, something that the democrats are expediting as fast
clown world
they do, inasmuch as puppets believe anything
true
you’re welcome
yeah!
coming soon
it’s great
true
a common sentiment, unfortunately
the puppets are saying this in unison
in general, this anti free speech bs is being pushed hard by many people on the left. even comedians.
true
let us go among the stars
this is crazy
that is a real question!
yikes
it really is
seriously
meanwhile, back in america, the is smothering the national space program in kafkaesque paperwork!
exactly
spacex dragon launching astronauts to the !
damn, this post goes hard
community note hall-of-famer!
korea and germany are two examples of random lines being drawn and one side going all government (full communism) and the other side going only half government (socialist, aka half communism and half capitalism)
so crazy
simple and effective
true
yeah
true
it’s weird how they all say the same thing at the same time!
if i were another car company, i would license fsd
absolutely
what do you want to do with the api? it was being abused by many.
maybe he’s smoking too much crack?
concerning
dragon was always designed to land propulsively, but i didn’t want to risk it as the primary method
have you tried grok?
if the verdict in my case in delaware is not overturned, it will be used as precedent in every fake shareholder case for every company incorporated in delaware for the rest of time!
if you’ve got it, flaunt it …
cool
gwynne is awesome
from many countries
cool
they’re giving ballots to people who aren’t eligible to vote?
facts
hollywood has lost the plot
we should go there
amazing 🤩
yeah
i hope to be helpful in this regard!
i never use instagram
the scale of the deception is jawdropping
the clown world level is reaching unprecedented levels!
crazy
seriously
you know who we could ask about whether kamala “secured the border”? the border patrol.
in montreal?
that is exactly what is happening
hop in, we’re going to mars! 💫
yeah
you are dumb
huge lie
exactly. as a general rule, any given piece of legislation will do the opposite of its name. the name is just propaganda to fool the public. the “secure our borders” bill would have done the exact opposite – amplifying illegal immigration and making the world war z situation at
big numbers
solar roofs that generate energy and look good too!
nice
they are actually proposing to stack the supreme court. this is literally the plan.
there were three attacks on my mother’s friends in new york this year. police didn’t even show up and, obviously, there were no arrests.
ideally, no one is killed, but the level of misunderstanding about magnitude, due to relentless legacy media propaganda, is astounding!
yeah, tough choice. both parties have issues. in the past, i think, on balance, the democrats were better. now, i think republicans are, on balance, better.
near the fall of the roman empire, the roman army also increasingly relied on non-citizens
true
independent-minded voters are shifting rapidly towards the republican party
the new york times is pure propaganda
criminals vote overwhelmingly for the democratic party, because it is the soft-on-crime party. therefore the obvious incentive of the democratic party is to maximize the number of criminals who can vote. the dems are also always pushing to allow all felons to vote in federal
they don’t want to lose votes and criminals vote overwhelmingly democrat, because dems are the soft on crime party
since the probability of illegals voting democrat when they become citizens is extremely high, which the 1986 amnesty demonstrated is absolutely the case, the incentive for the democratic party to maximize illegal immigration is extremely high. massive illegal immigration will
that’s how i feel too
yeah
true
the new york times is a propaganda machine, not a a truth-teller. absurd that anyone gives them any credibility at all.
exactly
this is criminal
this is insane!
looks like cgi, but these are all real video highlights from the space mission
great!
the far left column should have far more legacy media companies listed. abc for sure. arguably, cnn should be left, rather than far left. their debate moderation was far better than abcs.
doesn’t make sense
even if you have a super high bandwidth land connection, starlink is great as a backup option in case of emergencies
spacex will be the largest pcb manufacturer in the americas within a few months (low bar tbh)
election integrity …
great idea
so cool 🥰
because the legacy media industry is a far left propaganda machine
great question
energy output is a better measure of an “economy” than money
i didn’t provide what would have been essentially the entire seed round, a round and most of the b round, in addition to being the guy who come up with the idea, cofounded the company and recruited most of the critical early team members. other than that, nothing.
crazy
interesting
giant difference!
tuesday night in sf
hamas has strong support at liberal elite colleges and the youth wing of the dems. as the older dems retire or pass away, the democratic party will become officially antisemitic.
joe rogan is absolutely right
true
wow, giant difference
it’s insane
they are importing voters. it is obvious.
yeah
exactly
starships were mean to fly
co2 does increase temperatures. this is empirically true, meaning you can run a small-scale experiment yourself to prove it. the question is simply one of magnitude vs time. however, climate activists have overplayed their hand, making dire predictions that turned out to be
this sounds crazy. looking into it.
one square mile on the surface receives ~2.5 gigawatts of solar energy. that’s gigawatts with a “g”. it’s ~30% higher in space. the starlink global satellite network is entirely solar/battery powered. factoring in solar panel efficiency (25%), packing density (80%) and usable
once you understand kardashev scale, it becomes utterly obvious that essentially all energy generation will be solar. also, just do the math on solar on earth and you soon figure out that a relatively small corner of texas or new mexico can easily serve all us electricity.
china is doing massive solar
wow. first approximation of industrial capacity is power output. china has far exceeded us industrial capacity.
exactly
really?
starlink now connecting over 4 million
cool
seriously 😳
exactly
this is one of the most egregious, evil doxxing actions we’ve ever seen. presidential candidates are not speculatively in danger – there have already been two attempts on ’s life. moreover, the doxxing included detailed information on the addresses of their
cool
air france is installing starlink!
it is indeed
seriously
nice
he actually said that?
sam altman is little finger
yeah
i don’t think anyone should go to the uk when they’re releasing convicted pedophiles in order to imprison people for social media posts
when do you think the backlash will start?
makes as much sense as what they’re doing now
the largest flying object ever made will be caught in mid air with giant mechazilla arms
bullseye 🎯
america is being smothered by ever larger mountains of irrational regulations from ever more new agencies that serve no purpose apart from the aggrandizement of bureaucrats. humanity, and life as we know it, are doomed to extinction without significant regulatory reform. we
true
it is not legal
yeah
we literally live on different continents!
mark cuban is proof that morons can become billionaires
what a scammer
much appreciated
they are importing voters
it is not legal
the tide is turning
sam altman is little finger
you can’t just convert a non-profit into a for-profit. that is illegal.
one can perhaps quibble with a few of these points, but overall it is accurate
nice
true
swindler of the century
nightmare fuel!⛽️
he was told to shut up by the “democratic” party after this
how time flies!
sigh
exactly
what a nightmare
strange
true
this will be one for the history books
this is deeply wrong
whoa!
good points
i’m so surprised
by definition, unless i’m missing something, surely this constitutes foreign interference in a us election?
ancient egypt is the all-time champion for length of civilization
worth listening
exactly
hopefully, only a few more months before there are 300 direct to mobile phone starlink satellites in operation. that is the number needed to achieve continuous coverage over mid latitudes.
this fast track right before an election sounds like corruption
absolutely
he needs to resign
cool
wow, the stress of being president really changes them
absolutely
seriously
good
it’s that bad?
exactly
wow, that’s crazy!
much appreciated!
it is needed
yeah
i really am with bernie on this one
false
based and true
stinky 😂 that’s what we changed the default starlink wifi name to for a few months. if you can’t smell your wifi, how do you know it’s real? 🤷‍♂️
i was there with my mom. there is no romantic relationship whatsoever with pm meloni.
we are not dating
america is being smothered by legions of regulators, often inept &amp; politically-driven
great speech by !
starlink now on all airbus planes!
crazy
becoming multiplanetary is critical to ensuring the long-term survival of humanity and all life as we know it
jamie dimon is right
great meeting with the president of namibia!
kamala has vowed to break the filibuster
if the rest of the year goes well, spacex will launch close to 90% of all mass to orbit. china will be ~6% and rest of world ~4%.
it will be open season on the border if kamala wins
congratulations!
great meeting with the president and his team!
crazy
absolutely
as the president of kenya says, starlink causes local competitors to provides better services
great question
my companies are actively looking for ways to invest in and support argentina
i disagree with that connection. the downtown sf violent drug zombie problem could not be further apart in nature and cause than burning man.
power to the people!
community notes ftw
true
starlink now available in burundi!
great meeting with
“so how’s that radio station purchase going?” only 5% of the legacy media currently doesn’t support the democratic party and they seem to be buying a big chunk of that remaining 5%.
i have trouble imagining her cooking a great meal
heavy use of alcohol and cocaine were the problem, rather than lsd. for any given drug, the test should be whether you can complete the sentence “ _______ made me a better person”. never heard anyone say that about alcohol, cocaine, meth or heroine, but i have heard that
a surprising number of people don’t understand what a profound level unlock full reusability is. it is the holy grail of rocketry and the fundamental breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary. starship is designed for full &amp; rapid reusability – launch, land, refill
yeah, the extinctionists
yeah
it’s true
free speech is the bedrock of democracy, for without it people cannot make an informed vote
yeah
without assimilation, it will 💯
21 years ago, talking about little falcon 1
cool
true
that was such a bizarrely obvious lie
great speech
it was a little strange tbh
that was a truly astonishing lie and disrespectful to those risking their lives in dangerous parts of the world!
manufactured by the media
💯 frankly, these will be some of the last jobs replaced by ai!
makes sense
starship is ready to fly!!
your tesla can now drive itself through complex parking lots to find you
this is great
very misleading …
that is bizarre. why were no homicides reported in cities that have a lot of homicides?
great video
yeah
google &amp; microsoft very disproportionately donate to the democratic party. between them, they control close to 100% of web browsers and search. even with the best of intentions, they can’t help but introduce bias.
an anomaly in the matrix
yikes
the window to make earth life multiplanetary is open for the first time in 4.5 billion years. let’s goooo!!!! 🚀🚀🔥🔥😀😀
how tolerant of her
abc lost a lot of credibility in that debate
seriously?
bill nelson is awesome
that’s why the legacy media is a nonstop propaganda machine for the democrats
high time this happened. the block function will block that account from engaging with, but not block seeing, public post.
looking forward to it
they will push draconian censorship
interesting
keep asking the tough questions!
inevitable
humor is the path
they are being force-fed anti-american propaganda in schools
pretty sure i saw this scene in the joker
it will be obvious in hindsight
this is messed up
you can summon a driverless tesla from anywhere in the parking lot. rapidly approaching the ability to summon from anywhere at all.
competitors receive vastly more subsidies than spacex or tesla. the success of spacex/tesla is in spite of competitor subsidies! look at how much was given away for a north american supercharger network to compete against tesla and it still failed. or the massive subsidies
congrats
exactly
scene straight out of the joker
cool
competition leads to a better outcome for consumers
starships will get much bigger in the future
like the ruins of a futuristic, long-dead civilization
yeah, that’s messed up
cool
we need multiple fish licenses to launch a rocket (actually)!
you were right
far below and getting worse every year
i had that built
exactly
true
fixer upper
great!
vinod, look out your window 👀
she was reading from cue cards
they want a holocaust for all of humanity
starship super heavy booster flight 4
send this link to friends who think is racist
happy birthday!
falcon 9
true
most people still believe half this list
only gets better from here
a stainless steel starship is essentially the same mass as an advanced carbon fiber or aluminum-lithium version, given that it is a reusable rocket, as steel can handle much higher heat loads, requiring less shielding, and its strength increases dramatically at cryogenic
even better
exactly
yeah
at some of them will hate her for it
it’s borderline illegal to be a republican reporter!
treason
exactly
fidias has incredible drive &amp; determination. he will effect change by sheer persistence.
what a strange thing to say
pretty much
so disappointing
just another puppet of the machine
true
she definitely gives off “not fun at parties” vibes 😂
great idea
sorry i made a sign about you restricting access to a public beach. that was so extremely terrible. please forgive me 🙏
this is funny 😂
the legal immigration process in america needs to be greatly streamlined and expanded, while illegal should be shut down. if someone is talented, hard-working and honest, they are an asset to the country.
starlink has helped save people in many natural disaster situations around the world, most recently brazil
trying hard! sometimes very difficult.
by the way, our commercial starlink program is the primary source of funding for starship (nasa is helping too). so thank for buying starlink and supporting humanity’s future in space. if you look closely at your starlink router, you will notice that it has an illustration of
perhaps one day we can be friends again 🤞
starlink is helping many people around the world
seriously!
wow, eyebrows really matter 😂
i hope to be as helpful as possible in improving government efficiency!
exactly
wow, total puppet of the machine
true
bizarre. i’ve done literally a million times more than ruffalo to advance sustainable energy. and who have i “sold out” to anyway? how much did they pay me? nothing, as far as i know.
read the culture books by iain banks
spacex plans to launch about five uncrewed starships to mars in two years. if those all land safely, then crewed missions are possible in four years. if we encounter challenges, then the crewed missions will be postponed another two years. it is only possible to travel from
the more that is spent, the worse it gets, because the money doesn’t go to the homeless, it goes to the hundreds of “charities” that then treat the homeless as sources of revenue. the more homeless there are, the more money these organizations get, so their incentive is to
yeah, the economist used to be centrist, but now has become just another far left propaganda publication, repeating the tired tropes as other magazines
makes sense
interesting
the preservation of life and consciousness by being on multiple planets and the expansion of consciousness to the stars are the goals of
progress
high time for it
xai built the most powerful ai training cluster in the world in 122 days, despite starting years after others. our competitors are moving as fast as they can. just not as fast as .
not ok at all
the main reason for coming in belly first is due to the subsonic orientation being a natural outcome of the center of mass and center of pressure being where they are needed for starship to survive hypersonic heating by maintaining a ~70 degree angle of attack. can’t come in
interesting
smart audience
cool
true
we built a factory and launch complex for giant rockets on a sand bar down by the river
the only thing stopping the california government and overbearing regulatory agencies from being even worse is that people and companies can move out of state. if the machine behind the kamala puppet wins this election, the whole country will be far worse than california is
tragic
try grok!
what a tool
absolutely
much appreciated
the trend is positive
thanks
if this happens, i will literally dress like that and have a giant d.o.g.e sign!
in that case, it made him super buff 😂
and here we are
99.9% of resources allocated to earth, but 0.1% allocated to becoming multiplanetary seems wise
it only gets better from here
yeah!
seriously
good times 😂
what’s amazing is how net worth makes you hair grow 😂
excellent. can’t wait for your book on suicidal empathy!
congrats on another trip around the sun!
yeah
so many raging for the machine
let’s go!
there are more referees than players on the field
yeah
exactly
don’t believe the media
great question
great
true
there will be soon
yeah, it’s absurd
exactly
always
that would be so cool
exactly
do some research before you display your utter ignorance. spacex gets no subsidies and received half as much as boeing for astronaut transport, but did 100% of the work. as for tesla, take a minute to read our public filings and you will see that ev incentives represent a
i am extremely pro immigrant, being one myself. however, just as when hiring for a company, we should confirm that anyone allowed into the country is talented, hardworking and ethical. de facto open borders is as insane as allowing anyone to join one of your companies without
much appreciated!
yeah
i’m sending you that sign as a gift. you know you want it! 😂
no, i don’t think 2020 was stolen, as all the independent voters i know, myself included, leaned towards biden, thinking he would be a milquetoast moderate. boring, but moderate. unfortunately, he turned out to be a radical leftist puppet of the machine who loves overreaching
they will change their mind immediately
let the beach party commence party 🎉 🙌
ok, so how many migrants can we send you? stop dodging the question!
starship super heavy booster held at catch height
true
awesome 🔥🔥
interesting
this is not the future we want
i’m throwing a party on vinod’s beach! for cuisine, i’m thinking bbq.
vinod says we should send tens of thousands of unvetted migrants to small towns throughout america, but he didn’t even want to let the public walk on his beach …
great book
wow, so crazy that put this sign on a public beach
exactly
bigtime
you won’t even let people use your f***ng beach, you a**hole!
how about we send them to that beach that you tried to stop the public from using? that was such a dick move! vinod “defiant l” khosla.
turns out the infinite paperclip ai risk is real, it’s just in the form of clippy!
for the first time in 4.5 billion years, it is possible for life to become multiplanetary. lfg!!!
interesting
he who smelt it dealt. reminds me of fauci.
surely cheney, the irs, putin and iran endorsing kamala can’t all be wrong! 😑
let’s start small, how about 100?
answer my question: how many unvetted illegal migrants can we send to your town?
interesting
how many unvetted migrants would you like sent to your neighborhood in woodside? last time, i was there, seemed like none. you’re a hypocrite. no problem that some other town has a massive influx, so long as it isn’t yours.
true
getting there fast!
💯 free speech is the bedrock of democracy
access to knowledge empowers the people
yeah!
starships were meant to fly!
lawfare is wrong, no matter what side it comes from. we must have both the reality and perception of fairness in the justice system.
exactly
yeah
the government is the dmv at scale
great!
has to be done
appreciated
lmao
politics makes for strange bedfellows
happy birthday!
you can change the software running in your head that was put there by others
explains why the media is such a propaganda machine for the democratic party
exactly
then the battery packs of the busses are too small. teslas can operate well even above the arctic circle. also, busses will not be needed when tesla rolls out unsupervised full self-driving, as they will take people point to point for a similar cost to a bus ticket.
there should be thoughtful discussion of substantive issues, rather than people simply hating who the media tells them to hate
starlink helps schools in remote regions
so many 😂😂
grok 3 is training with 10x, soon 20x the compute of grok 2
true
the atlantic debases itself recursively with every new issue
insanely bad spending of your hard-earned taxes is the problem
request a community note whenever you see misleading or simply wrong posts
we should livestream our next conversation! i think people would enjoy hearing it.
save elon’s company 😎
was anyone prosecuted?
if the left hadn’t on the left then they would be the right
well said
very important to read this book
inspiring
starlink began 10 years ago and is now 2/3 of all of earth’s satellites
good for him
because the legacy media is a propaganda machine for the “democratic” party
it is literally a tropic thunderstorm region! there was so much rain the other week that the roads were flooded.
seriously 😳
weird
free speech ftw!!
luck is the best superpower
we now have enough satellites that exact orientation is less important, as the probability that a satellite is directly overhead is very high
the only reason any medium to heavy class rocket organizations still exist is due to government protection
he is such a jackass
begging for a venn diagram 😂
while actual crimes go unpunished
cool
yeah
yeah, he gave me coffee grown at his ranch
is awesome
staggeringly bad waste of money
federal government spending will bankrupt the country, unless action is taken to reduce government waste. this is what causes inflation!
very much so, but that didn’t stop them
just had an excellent conversation with president ! we talked a lot about the nature of reality, future of humanity and how technology like ai and robotics will affect the world. el salvador has an amazing leader.
this was our highest risk astronaut mission ever and i have responsibility for their safety. the weather constraints on this mission are also extremely high and only cleared that night. i had to make a go vs no-go decision. their lives came first.
interesting post
not long before the starlink direct to cell communication constellation is active!
happy birthday !
absolutely
🤣🤣 exactly
creepy that they would vote against this
𝕏 brings you news from actual experts and people on scene in real-time
shouldn’t the head of an organization responsible for regulating the safety of airplanes &amp; rockets know something about how they work?
what’s weird is how the legacy media all has the same talking points simultaneously, even the same phrases like “sharp as a tack” about biden before the debate. then they all stabbed him in the back right after the debate ended and went from ignoring kamala to saying she’s the
community notes 🙌
it’s a start
exactly
much appreciated
good review, i will watch it
i think very highly of larry ellison and i’ve learned a lot from him, but we (unfortunately) only got to know each other around 2017
that’s pretty cool
if they do so knowingly, then for sure
should be about ability not race, gender or anything else
spacex letter to congress. the leadership spends their resources attacking for petty matters that have nothing to do with safety, while neglecting real safety issues at boeing. this is deeply wrong and puts human lives at risk. nasa deemed the boeing capsule
how would you feel if someone tried to hurt your daughter with a machete?
this is wild
true
awesome
starlink is particularly great for remote locations. it works whether you’re at the top of a mountain in the arctic or in a crater in madagascar!
if benz is right about this, it is extremely troubling
shanghai just experienced the most powerful typhoon in 75 years! best wishes for the resilient &amp; resourceful people of shanghai. i have asked our tesla shanghai team to help anyone in distress to the best of our ability.
interesting
yay! comedy is legal is texas!
glorious!
you said x 🥰
true
competence matters
amazing
cool
maybe she’s just trying to illustrate what misinformation means
congrats! !
thanks joe
exactly
obviously
lawfare
uh oh
interesting group of supporters
they make fraud impossible to prove
we should write all of human knowledge into these crystals
good question
“misinformation”
i’m hearing the same thing from people in arizona and wisconsin. it’s massive.
in all seriousness, spacex hopes to offer travel to mars to anyone who wants to go, bearing in mind that it will be like a long sea voyage in centuries past – dangerous and uncomfortable, but great adventure! becoming multiplanetary ensures the long-term survival of life.
yeah
flight 5 is built and ready to fly. flight 6 will be ready to fly before flight 5 even gets approved by faa!
he sounds super racist
bullseye 🎯
💯 it guarantees permanent one-party “democrat” rule for the whole country, just like the 1986 amnesty did in california. there will be no more “swing” states. a diabolical, but brilliant, strategy. before 1986, california was a swing state, but after granting amnesty to 3
the dem administrative state is flying millions of future voters directly into swing states. they are being sent to cities and towns throughout ohio, pennsylvania, wisconsin and arizona. given that this is a sure path to permanent one-party rule, it is a very smart strategy.
seriously
interesting
crazy
censorship everywhere in america
his best ad ever 😂
crazy
true
interesting
progress
competence is underrated
exactly
thanks!
for one, i endorsed trump and they know it all too well, so that statement from “kamala wins” is deliberately misleading. second, very few corporate ceos ever endorse a presidential candidate, so any implication that the rest of the fortune 100 supports kamala is false.
true
my prediction is that if kamala wins, the dems will import and legalize enough migrants to ensure a permanent one-party rule that is increasingly socialist (to a confiscatory level) and repressive. everywhere will be california, but worse. the one thing that gives california
lawfare
very true. i can think of many prominent examples. the democratic party is overwhelmingly the party chosen by criminals. i mean this literally. almost all felons (and potential felons) vote for the party that is easy on crime. make sense.
competence is underrated
exactly
compared to diesel, tesla semi trucks have a lot more acceleration, uphill power and computer-controlled safety features like jackknifing protection, so both more fun and safer to drive
summary of my philosophy
the woke agenda is extinctionist to its core
the margin of victory in swing states is sometimes less than a thousand votes
they are doing it by importing vast numbers of migrants into the country. this achieves two things: 1. the census, coming up in 2030 counts all persons, regardless of citizenship, in a state for purposes calculating seats in the house and electoral college votes. based on
that is my observation too
yeah
not bad
looks like we can get kwh/mile down around 1.2 with the median semi load
thanks. this was harder than many things irl.
by far
atheism left an empty space secular religion took its place but left the people in despair childless hedonism sans care maybe religion’s not so bad to keep you from being sad
nope
great!
cyberpunk is a great game
i will send her a note expressing my concern about her mental health. what’s the best way to reach you hilary, email? 🤨
this is almost real
some memes just write themselves
willy in ‘free willy’ was never actually free
6-pack santa is a whole different vibe
trending well
exactly
white and black photons also don’t exist
it’s messed up
that meme never gets old 😂
this is incitement to murder
it’s weird
there is a lot of that
interesting
a truly impressive level of incompetence!
that sounds like a fun jail tbh
any sufficiently advanced magic is indistinguishable from technology
crazy
seriously
yezz
great work by the falcon team!
absolutely
exactly
i learned to program out of intrinsic interest in computers and to make video games, but i never thought i could make a living from it
definitely sounds true!
hard to be a free speech platform in a state that wants to ban free speech
whoa
like that time streisand sued someone for revealing her super obvious address in malibu. that really kept a lid on it lmao.
true
cool
the opposite is true
always be cheating news
seriously
you can play real-time video games on starlink, whereas that is impossible with geostationary satellites that are ~50 times further away. speed of light is the law.
great!
buffett is already preparing for this outcome
they are actually trying to make posting memes illegal. vote them out.
at least my cellmates in meme prison will have a sense of humor 😂
unless trump is elected, america will fall to tyranny. trump must win.
if the rest of the year goes well, spacex will deliver ~90% of all earth’s payload to orbit. china will do ~6%, rest of the world combined ~4%.
the governor of california just made this parody video illegal in violation of the constitution of the united states. would be a shame if it went viral.
the joker is in charge
they want to take away your right to freedom of speech
they do
tiktok’s “trust &amp; safety” team is based in the san francisco bay area and is controlled by the far-left
much appreciated
who are the legislative leaders that sponsored this bill?
unexpected, but appreciated
like counter-strike, but for memes 🤣🤣
new leadership is needed in california
whoa
the post says “parody” in all caps! so, is he going to throw in jail or what!?
lot of launches
you’re not gonna believe this, but just announced that he signed a law to make parody illegal, based on this video 🤣🤣
yeah!
what video is he talking about? 😂
one of these days, a large comet will hit earth and destroy almost all life, as has happened many times in the past. eventually, the sun will expand enough to boil the oceans and destroy all life. either become a spacefaring civilization or die – those all the two choices.
cool
the fundamental problem is that humanity will forever be confined to earth unless there is radical reform at the faa!
much appreciated
starlink available in yemen!
amazingly, no starliner fines for boeing! the faa space division is harassing spacex about nonsense that doesn’t affect safety while giving a free pass to boeing even after nasa concluded that their spacecraft was not safe enough to bring back the astronauts. there need to be
cool!
lmaooo
is there a link to their announcement? i’d like to understand more details.
we live in the most interesting times
uh oh 😂
testing starlink streaming continuity from while aircraft is doing banking maneuvers
isn’t there a generic version that costs much less? solving obesity greatly reduces risk of other diseases, especially diabetes, and improves quality of life. we do need to find a way to make appetite inhibitors available to anyone who wants them. i don’t agree with bernie
he wants to take away your right to free speech in america
💯 i love reagan. he just made you feel great about the future.
the blindsight device from neuralink will enable even those who have lost both eyes and their optic nerve to see. provided the visual cortex is intact, it will even enable those who have been blind from birth to see for the first time. to set expectations correctly, the vision
forgiveness is essential to end an infinite cycle of retribution. there is great wisdom in turning the other cheek, although it must be combined with the strength to enforce an end to retribution.
you mean the video of the tesla presentation?
i am highly confident that discovery will show improper, politically-motivated behavior by the faa
the woke mind virus is joyless
there is definitely a lot of room for improvement of raptor 3, but now the fundamental architecture is right
nasa puts their faith in for all astronaut transport to and from the , but somehow leadership thinks they know better …
seriously out of touch
lawfare is abuse of the system
definitely not. good riddance.
from a member of the eu parliament! fidias is awesome.
starlink in nairobi!
except me 😂
true for us all, i think
not bad for something some people said was impossible
exactly
seriously 😂 the reason starlink is the only global high-bandwidth internet system of any kind, terrestrial or space-based, is that it is a staggeringly difficult technology problem. we had to invent so much technology from scratch! there is no supplier to whom one can go to
your vote really matters!
exactly
congratulations again on an epic mission!
cool
register to vote today!
gonna be a lot of spiritborn!
looking forward to it!
we should expand the scope and scale of consciousness, whether silicon or carbon, to understand the universe
i hope you are wrong
the fate of america may depend on this vote
the establishment is the party in power. whatever one wants to call them, they control the presidency, the press and government institutions and therefore are, by definition, the system, machine, etc. they are the empire, not the rebel alliance.
more lawfare
spacex will be filing suit against the faa for regulatory overreach
well done!
this is important
felt better than many real life wins 😂
the dems explicitly called for trump to be shot and now two people have answered that call
that is horrifying
the fake russian “steele dossier” scam was next-level election interference
now imagine if the policies that led to this were applied to the whole country
misplaced priorities
those granted asylum become citizens within 5 years, which is just over one presidential election cycle and then vote overwhelmingly democrat. this is why so many are being placed in large numbers in arizona, wisconsin, ohio and other swing states. to create permanent
no wonder
that’s crazy
yeah
because they’re racists? 🤷‍♂️
scientific american is a social activist magazine
interesting
that sounds about right
troubling
giga texas, tesla headquarters
but i think the reality is that they just want their own system
i’m willing to say firm fixed price
terrible
the incitement to hatred and violence against president trump by the media and leading democrats needs to stop.
good review. this movie sounds like it asks good questions and is funny.
also true 😂
true
the man is clearly unhinged and easily influenced by the media’s incessant call for trump’s death
quite sensible, actually
does look cool
yeah
when do you think people will be able to buy longevity?
wow, almost twice as many people died as there were babies born in greece
it has been 18 years since the first falcon flight of falcon 1 failed
making life multiplanetary would dramatically derisk civilizational extinction
population collapse
cool
more correct than not correct, but stuart is underestimating the sum of local intelligence in the humanoid and wheeled robots (beyond that which is simply needed to function locally). i think it will exceed centralized compute by a significant margin.
hubble is cool, but there needs to be a new visible spectrum space telescope with far larger aperture
yeah
wild
the carousel of destiny spins ever faster
exactly
yikes!
not bad
makes sense
they said like this about cannibalism actually being a good thing when joe said his uncle “was eaten by cannibals”
they have actively encouraged people to kill trump. reid hoffman said to the whole audience at sundance that he wished trump would be “real martyr”, ie dead irl.
yeah
because the media is the far left
the media programs people to think a certain way
assassination is censorship in the limit
true
turns out that jokes are way less funny if people don’t know the context and the delivery is plain text
well, one lesson i’ve learned is that just because i say something to a group and they laugh doesn’t mean it’s going to be all that hilarious as a post on 𝕏
fair enough. i don’t want to do what they have done, even in jest.
exactly
yeah
no one has even tried to do so is the point i’m making and no one will
sure is
crazy
why are so many people raging for the machine? 😂
what are your fav ts songs?
indeed
getting literally punched in the face by dangerous criminals (with no repercussions for the violent criminal) while walking around new york is a real opinion-changer!
so cool
whoa!!
polaris crew is home safe &amp; sound!
makes sense
welcome back to earth!
save them 😢
exactly
how to share posts
trump is strong
the sphere is a work of art
super important to keep people informed to counteract the legacy media propaganda machine!
yeah
cool
good advice
the reciprocity instinct is incredibly powerful
it’s a great car
the media is a democrat propaganda machine
cool
exactly
congratulations tesla cell team!
ehrlich is one of the chief architects of human extinctionism. he should be reviled.
well, at least druid is only second last this time 😂
great
this is exactly what is happening
so messed up
exactly!
absolutely. it is telling that the vast majority of political donations by journalists are to the democratic party.
yes, she lied about this. such an obvious lie too.
exactly
extinctionists want a holocaust for all of humanity
less than half that amount
sure is
this is the tip of the iceberg
that is an amazing audience score!
citizen reporting from people on the scene or actually expert in a subject is the only way to know what’s really happening!
definitely needs a new name. “multimodal llm” is extra silly, as the first word contradicts the third word!
just replace the term “journalists” with “rabid far left activists” and it makes total sense
massive voter importation to make swing states permanently blue and turn america into a one-party state. it is rational from the democratic party standpoint, as it guarantees victory if successful.
current season or next?
is there an actionable lawsuit against open arms and their funders?
what is the name of this ngo that was smuggling illegals into italy? who funds them? the funders of this illegal activity should be sued.
absolutely
that mad prosecutor should be the one who goes to prison for 6 years
this is insane
messed up
ok fine i’ll do it
miss information is someone who both beautiful on the outside, but also has incredible general knowledge, so basically a sexy librarian
working on it
true
beautiful
if they just make great evs, there is no problem
extreme government overspending is bankrupting america and causing inflation
they are fools and liars
far left fascists love censorship
exactly
true
the far left fascists love censorship
starlink will still work
the dems want to take your kids
i wish there were more people like you in the democratic party. if so, i would still be a strong supporter.
22% growth since august last year
there are absolutely members of the us military in active duty in combat zones
when is enough enough?
moreover, spacex could do it for far less if there weren’t irrational requirements attached, like requiring that we also provide a phone with 911 capability even though everyone already has a phone
i’m guessing it was talibanned
was anyone arrested?
nice work by tesla energy
once upon a dream
true
in general, we are decoupling public posting from private messaging, so you can use 𝕏 for private messaging only if you want
new tv series
just wow …
please make it make sense 🫠
scientific american has become a social activist magazine and destroyed its credibility. my companies have succeeded *despite* the government support playing field being tilted heavily to competitors. boeing received twice as much as spacex for astronaut transport, yet has not
sigh
starship will make life multiplanetary, preserving life as know from extinction events on earth, so long as it is not smothered by bureaucracy. there is more government regulatory smothering every year. if this continues, all large projects in the united states will be illegal.
starlink coming to united airlines!
maybe i’m just a lucky charm 🍀
home sweet home
nice
impressively defiant l 😂
really 250x?
day 3 update of the polaris spacewalk mission
i have a bad feeling about this
your second point is a logical fallacy. if people crossing borders was all it took to make countries super prosperous, then we have indeed found an infinite prosperity bug in the simulation! america has attracted more talented, hardworking immigrants than any country ever,
unfortunately, it seems that even you believe the media
interest payments on the federal government debt increased 30% from last year!
good history discussion
why do they call themselves associated propaganda? seems a little too obvious.
bruh, do i even tech? i tech a little
inspiring words from
all that stands between you and the nothingness of deep space vacuum is that suit
no kidding
exactly! we don’t even use patents as weapons.
well put
i think about that frequently
fascists
trending to zero
progress
congratulations dragon team, and the crew of !
exactly
emerging from dragon for spacewalk
dragon hatch is open and the cabin is now at vacuum (zero) pressure
turns out …
very
absolutely
i think fate wants this to happen
they should have expanded reactor power output, not demolished them!
haha exactly
absolutely
you are being lied to
about to begin spacesuit pressurization. that will be followed by venting cabin air to vacuum, at which point the only thing keeping the astronauts alive is the spacesuit itself.
love our new helmet
imagine exploring the stars in our galaxy and finding out what happened over billions of years on billions of planets 💫
if you can’t smell your wifi, how do you know it’s real? 😂
it is essential
cortical and limbic resonators
that is an important part of the solution
dragon is now more than three times further from earth than the space station
government overspending causes inflation. end of story. that is why prices at the store keep rising. stop government overspending to end inflation!
there will many of that class by then
what are those idiots talking about? it’s literally just a bunch of computers, not a toxic chemical plant!
exactly
exactly. the point is not to substitute one form of racism for another, but rather to stop being racist at all!
this is a step in that direction for sure
absolutely
nice
the legacy media is extremely left-biased
there are often mistakes made, but there should not be any “shadowbanning” taking place
if a government has strict censorship laws, then 𝕏 adheres to those laws. it would not be appropriate to insist on american laws in all countries. the quandary sometimes encountered is when governing entities make demands that – at least to us – appear to contravene their own
live deep space walk coming up soon!
department of government efficiency
people want to know what’s really going on, not be fed curated propaganda
this will keep getting worse until the politicians responsible are voted out of office
absolutely
it’s literally on video on the internet 🤷‍♂️
super cool!
do you want current trends to continue or do you want change? that’s what it comes down to.
cool, please let us know what to improve
interest payments on just federal government debt now exceed the entire defense department budget! america is in the fast lane to bankruptcy, meanwhile …
it’s a tough call. i’m far from certain about what maximizes the probability of a good outcome for humanity here. for industries that have been around for many decades, there is definitely far too much counterproductive regulation that does not serve the greater good.
true
yeah!
impressive
starlink now available in the cook islands
amazing
there should be rules and referees for any field. for example, pro sports could choose to have no referees or rules, but they do not, because it would make the games worse. we should have a reasonable set of regulations and regulators for matters affecting public safety, not
cool
cool
seriously
dms are being decoupled from public posting, so that if all you want to do is use this platform for messaging, but not post publicly, you can do so
spacewalk tomorrow!
if you want to know more about the content of a post, just highlight and ask grok!
deliberate deception for this hoax to be repeated. even snopes, who hates trump, fact checks it as false.
excellent, a second debate would be great
toxoplasma gondii is a danger to our democracy
true
america is being slowly strangled to death by an accumulation of millions of regulations. tens of thousands of new rules are added every year, but very few are ever removed. eventually, everything becomes illegal.
exactly
true
exactly
unless there is significant government reform, laws &amp; regulations will keep getting worse every year until every great endeavor, from high-speed rail between our cities to making life multiplanetary, is effectively illegal. trump supports a government efficiency commission to
listen to the odyssey
zero. that’s not good.
seriously
in my opinion, yes
strive to greater heights, for a future brighter than the past, waking up each morning inspired, to learn new secrets of the universe!
while i don’t think the debate hosts were fair to , exceeded most people’s expectations tonight. that said, when it comes to getting things done, not just saying nice-sounding words, i strongly believe that trump will do a far better job. after
thank you
yeah
concerning
fine taylor … you win … i will give you a child and guard your cats with my life
i agree
30 years ago
and it will get way worse if she is elected
exactly
i wish you could too
dragon astronauts are now further from earth than any humans in over half a century!!
exactly!
watch the debate and see live commentary from viewers on 𝕏
please sign up to vote!
true
national rent control will destroy the incentive to build new housing. national food price controls on supermarkets, which only have few percent profit margin, means empty shelves, just like venezuela.
exciting!⚡️
this is a great example of how companies, franchises and product teams should engage with their fans!
goat
the big government uniparty is real. trump is for the people.
but here’s the rub, tesla never has to bribe kia drivers to buy a tesla …
we will never get humanity to mars if this continues
this is our policy on 𝕏
that’s terribly sad
terrible
during this mission, dragon will travel repeatedly through the orbital altitudes of over 10 thousand satellites and bits of space debris. no room for error in our calculations.
absolutely! it’s ridiculous.
best deal in america for a tesla
insane. she’s just a puppet, so if interviewed without the answers being fed to her beforehand, she would have no idea what to say.
needed a good laugh 🤣 🤣
loophole!?
exactly
very important
haha wow
fair
seems crazy
poor kid
congratulations spacex team and the crew!!
mario draghi is awesome
absolutely
the astronaut mission is headed for an altitude 3 times higher than the space station, the furthest that humans have been from earth in over half a century!
follow should be private optional
nothing beats seeing a rocket launch
such an epic view
unless current trends for absurd regulatory overreach are reversed, humanity will be confined to earth forever
just over an hour to go before liftoff
yeah
polaris dawn live broadcast: – furthest from earth that humans have been in over half a century – first private spacewalk
yeah
exactly
important
i’m shocked 🙄
real question
the publicly-stated goal by almost all leaders of the democratic party is to legalize the ~15 million illegal migrants as soon as possible, as well as bring in tens of millions more. that would immediately make all swing states deep blue, just like happened in california with
yeah, happens a lot
bizarre that so many people still believe the media
removing the immense number of pointless regulations and shifting investment to the private sector is the key
some good points here
sounds kinda high
yeah
mad max is becoming real fast
i mean … pics or it didn’t happen. oh there *are* pics and video? hmm … 🤔
interesting
his taxpayer-funded $10k debit card covers that no problem
does seem inconsistent
while americans in haiti were left to die
your tax dollars at work
believe her
this is a big deal
could be worse, i suppose …
paging … 👋
exactly
america is going bankrupt btw
what doesn’t she want to spend your hard-earned money on? that’s the shorter list.
rookie numbers jk 😂
true
cool
it appears that the vetting process for flying in vast numbers of people from haiti was not … rigorous
just had a conversation
launch is currently go for early tomorrow morning
rip, he was awesome
exactly
save them! 😢
for only $50b in r&amp;d, what a bargain! 😂
it’s hard to tell the difference without looking closely
and i will
exactly
153 illegal alien sex offenders arrested this past year in baltimore alone. actual offenses committed far exceed arrests.
there is no eye-tracking, audio or tactile input. this is pure thought.
where is when you need them!?
great work!
great rebuttals
exactly
many good people died, no one got fired for botching the job. that is messed up and will result in future innocent people dying.
not that these puny differences will matter. compared to digital superintelligence, we are all dumb primates with tiny meat computers.
my anecdotal observation is that gay men (perhaps gay women too) have higher than average intelligence
this is the heart of the problem and explains why the democratic party won’t even deport illegal immigrant gang members who beat up police on camera, as happened in new york a few months ago. that’s how badly they want those votes!
except, yours was correct, as a simple search of the internet would prove. the democratic party core platform has moved far to the left. the republican party core platform has moved slightly to the left.
improper priorities, indeed!
hmm, is this the same place that is now releasing pedophiles from prison in order to make room for innocent citizens who complain about those who are murdering and raping their children?
comforting 😳
yeah
and fuel cells and hydrogen combustion cars make lidar look smart 😂
vote for kamala if you want this to happen to your neighborhood!
incentives, as usual, explain behavior. if the democratic party gains enough voters to win an election by importing them and giving them free stuff, then they will do so. only if existing voters are upset enough about this for the democrats to lose, will it stop.
he is right
while asleep, your brain is sorting and integrating the thoughts of yesterday to prepare for tomorrow
both would be bad for creativity
i can’t believe harari would say something as dumb as newspapers are reliable. that is idiotic.
mario draghi’s critique is accurate. a thorough review of eu regulations to eliminate unnecessary rules and streamline activity in europe would revitalize growth and strengthen competitiveness. things should be default legal, rather than default illegal.
we should change that so the yoke is stationary, as it is not mechanically coupled to the wheels. same goes for when it is on autopilot.
we shouldn’t
the cybertruck is a beast
apparently, people’s pet cats are being eaten
the amazing part is that allegedly 45% want to vote for kamala!
yeah!
absolutely
nope
technically, we’re on the cusp of where human intelligence becomes a tiny fraction of machine intelligence
nothing is real
💯 one of the zombie-killing weapons in dead space
that’s a direct quote of master yoda!
yikes
crazy
true
naturally, our official mascot will be the doge
cool
i keep forgetting that biden is still technically in charge of the country 😂
technically, it still says “president” on his business card
biden was just a pretend president … oops, i mean is just a … wait … what’s he doing?
yeah
these giant endowments are a mistake. they allow the universities to become detached from reality.
yeah
this is the fermi great filter that all single-planet civilizations face
sounds about right
good question
we are opening a lot more superchargers. what regions are we missing?
exactly
a beautiful factory, inside and out
cool
yeah
cool
good to go outside once in a while 😂
the most exciting times ever!
cool
seriously? 🤨
💯 lot of moving will be needed
america would pay for the healthcare of earth
waiting for regulatory approval
joe, perhaps you would be interested in joining the dept of govt efficiency
me too 😂
if you want smart conversations, it’s definitely not instagram 😂
inevitable
very
almost a billion people used 𝕏 last month!
the right to bear arms is there to protect free speech and stop a tyrannical government from taking your rights away! that’s why the first thing that all tyrants do is disarm the people, just like chavez did when he was first elected. after that, no more real elections in
humanity is doomed if the extinctionist philosophy that led to the mad-max-in-real-life of downtown san francisco propagates to the world
downtown sf needs to return to being safe and clean
great!
does anyone actually watch them anymore? i never met anyone who does.
congratulations
non-spacex satellites in orbit also increased, but at a much slower pace. starlink is just a different level of technology.
a journey of 100 million miles starts with one step
didn’t finish in time, but at least i got the pit 150 participation award
yeah
strange, i don’t remember blocking him
it’s gonna be a wild couple months!
true
interest payments on the national debt are now higher than the entire defense department budget and rising!
believing the news is silly. our shanghai factory is running at max capacity.
what the heck?
yeah
the mclaren f1 (an amazing sports car) is 50% slower than a tesla model s in 0 to 60 mph
attempting to land giant spaceships on mars will happen in that timeframe, but humans are only going after the landings are proven to be reliable. 4 years is best case for humans, might be 6, hopefully not 8.
weird
yeah, it’s obviously prone to fraud
well, then i think neil will be pleasantly surprised by what spacex does in the future
probably best to have a starlink ground station for remote towns, as that can provide 10s of gigabits of bandwidth
not bad, given the circumstances
thanks!
how many fake articles have you seen about tesla at this point? 100, 1000, maybe several thousand? wsj is talking nonsense.
what has become of america?
hey that’s my name 😂
is this a recent video?
full amnesty for whistleblowers is critical
haven’t read the article, but the above is not accurate. tesla has learned a lot from discussions with engineers at xai that have helped accelerate achieving unsupervised fsd, but there is no need to license anything from xai. the xai models are gigantic, containing, in
indeed
whoa
is this definitely true!?
max payload to standard earth reference orbit is actually ~180 tons for starship when it is fully reusable and ~300 tons if expendable. latter number is the apples-to-apples number comparing starship to saturn v. &gt;100 tons to the starlink orbit is the operational spec minimum.
that’s the plan
yeah
the first starships to mars will launch in 2 years when the next earth-mars transfer window opens. these will be uncrewed to test the reliability of landing intact on mars. if those landings go well, then the first crewed flights to mars will be in 4 years. flight rate will
nice
spacex created the first fully reusable rocket stage and, much more importantly, made the reuse economically viable. making life multiplanetary is fundamentally a cost per ton to mars problem. it currently costs about a billion dollars per ton of useful payload to the surface
two tiers of justice
it does
the word microaggression is a microaggression
true
yeah
my new pronouns are prosecute/msdnc
have you read asimov’s foundation books? they pose an interesting question: if you knew a dark age was coming, what actions would you take to preserve knowledge and minimize the length of the dark age? for humanity, a city on mars. terminus.
sure does
this is crazy
starlink now available in zimbabwe!
he was a good and a great man
cool
why does roger have his mic up his ass?
excellent thread
true
this is true
grok, please roast of roger macnamee, incorporating the fact that he keeps his microphone up his ass. ———- roger macnamee, the tech investor turned tech detractor, seems to have a unique method for keeping his insights... let's call it "close to the chest." while most use
his reasoning is excellent
oh well 😂
colossus has begun training
read
lovely
30 years ago
at the rate machine intelligence is growing, humans will be &lt;&lt;1% of intelligence in a few decades
thank you
department of government efficiency
i just saw on the platform and assumed it was correctly credited
yeah
wild
grok unhinged fun mode 🤣🤣
nice
it is great internet 🤷‍♂️
accurate analysis by
i was 23 when starting zip2
new puppet same as old puppet 😂 i mean … it’s true 🤷‍♂️
yeah, game-changer! we do still use copvs for a few things on starship, like nitrogen purge and engine spin start.
what did he say?
that is exactly the problem!
pretty much
definitely for super high pressure tanks, but a stainless steel starship is roughly similar in mass to a carbon fiber version (which is where we started out) and way cheaper/easier to make. stainless gets that massive bump in strength at cryo and needs much less shielding for
it should allow all the emojis
yeah, legal immigration is totally broken. should be smooth and easy.
impressive aaa game from china! seems oddly familiar 😂
invite your friends to 𝕏! this is the group chat for earth.
ron is awesome
they’re not wrong. the financial incentives are so strong to go to california and new york, that most of earth should move there.
easy prediction. all is a strong word, but ~99% is probably right.
hbo’s rome was sooo good!
happy birthday!
one of the best wraps i’ve seen
nice
tesla model s plaid speed (spaceballs reference for beyond ludicrous speed) does 0 to 60 mph in 2 seconds, despite being a four door sedan with a large trunk!
yeah, it’s crazy
probably true
much appreciated
solar reflectors in orbit can do it too, but you need a lot of mass
interesting
does seem logical 🤷‍♂️
good advice
such an amazing city!
yeah
yeah
interesting talk
it was alarming to see. glad you’re ok.
pretty much
good season
that’s what happened to california after amnesty for illegal aliens passed in the 80’s
speedrunning through a dungeon killing demons with a knife while wearing only a loincloth
cool. it only gets better from here.
with few exceptions, shows have sucked ever since the gun emoji was nerfed in 2016 🔫
that’s how i felt trying to play the xylophone as a kid
make any image instantly using grok!
grok will do it soon
the inverse law: any given law will be the inverse of its name
merlin seems like such a simple engine these days, but it sure is a solid workhorse!
this was with a feeble amount of training compute
well, good practice then 😂
yeah
doombringer is great for survivability, but can’t clear high-level pits fast enough. to win, you basically need to speedrun through the dungeon and kill demons super fast with a dagger while wearing only a loincloth 😂
this needs to stop
true
i love our “busy now, check back later” infinite loop 😂
awesome
the “homeless” aka “drug zombie” industrial complex is very real
reagan was awesome
he’s gone full retard
it was weird when biden accidentally called them illegals and had to make a groveling apology
exactly
this is why the “homeless” (more accurately referred to as “drug zombies”) problem only gets worse with increased funding
we need a secure border. unless trump wins, meet your new building managers …
well, what are our choices here? the country is choked with nonsense regulations and excessive government spending is driving a great misallocation of human resources. building great projects is practically illegal in america.
sowell is a genius
are there public forensics of this computer glitch? certainly should be.
dangerously mad, yet oddly compelling
they are refusing to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls
yeah
yeah. at the time, i thought teachers were demented to have little kids read lord of the flies. i accidentally read animal farm when i was maybe 8 or 9 and thought it was a book with talking animals. kept expecting the story to turn around, but the horse never did come back 😢
why are there these two buckets? they are a false choice imo. i prefer the dichotomy of extinctionist vs expansionist. no civilization is stable for long, so you’re either growing or contracting. the former is far superior and will win.
you are already late
yeah
yeah
that said, most republican administrations increase the size of government too, especially on the defense side
there is 0.0% chance of a dem administration doing anything except increasing the size of government
awesome
exactly
good idea. if anyone feels strongly about keeping a government department, they can speak up.
seems like risk of this insane plan actually being passed must be a major factor in buffett moving so much into t-bills
the whole “hate speech / disinformation” bullshit as a nice-sounding way to censor the people is being pushed by a lot of asshole nonprofits
true
yeah. that is one of my three accounts.
haha 💯
it can’t write good video games (yet)
yeah
dark irony
alter ego stress relief
30% of the time it works 98% of the time
interesting
exactly
gemini is trained to be dem, but hide that fact
the incentive is obvious, as it would turn all swing states into deep blue democrat states, making america a one-party country forever
the department of government efficiency will be epic
kamala wants to destroy your right to free speech under the constitution
starlink now constitutes roughly 2/3 of all active earth satellites
birth rates continue to plummet. population collapse is a certainty.
hard to believe this is reality
milei is bringing prosperity to argentina
thank you
magazines do not establish relevance, history does
this is badly needed
it’s a what? ohh …
he censored so many accounts that had broken no law. why?
a full explanation would be glorious
thanks. great team. will improve rapidly almost every week.
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷free brazil! 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
concerning
i look forward to serving america if the opportunity arises. no pay, no title, no recognition is needed.
true
let us strive to reach greater heights as a civilization, for what could be more inspiring than being out there among the stars?
this would unlock tremendous prosperity for america
bloomberg too
thanks
wow, well, that’s good
true
true
that’s a lot
not immediately, but firmly on that path
great question
exactly
yeah
yeah!
support the
this is terrible indeed
as competitive attributes go, speed is second only to luck
even though jon tester is a good candidate, the democratic party has become too far left for montana (and most of america)
moraes was demanding that 𝕏 take actions that are illegal under brazilian law and be silent about it. if that is not extreme corruption, what is?
government spending is driving america to bankruptcy
at my mom’s cousin’s wheat farm in saskatchewan. i think either headed to or coming back from a barn raising.
mind-blowing that this is literally the us democratic party platform of 2024
there are probably a lot of people on the “radar”. need some sense of the magnitude of credible threat.
snr ftw
ap stands for associated propaganda
hopefully, rhd markets in late q1, early q2, pending regulatory approval
true
sorry it’s taken longer than expected 😂
currently expected self-driving timeline
exactly
it’s awesome
spacex is a separate company and they did even claim that spacex/starlink broke any laws. purely capricious.
putin must not want trump elected
same. i almost died from a mosquito. ☠️
yeah
sure would be a strange reason to shut down the us government 🤔
he did this for vast numbers of accounts. no question that he engaged in election interference in brazil at large scale.
they should take you up on the offer. you are super fair.
this is not good
exactly
i have never been materially active in politics before, but this time i think civilization as we know it is on the line. if we want to preserve freedom and a meritocracy in america, then trump must win.
much appreciated, !
23 senators in brazil have voted to impeach
make sure to tell your friends &amp; family about 𝕏 and send them links to posts!
yeah
𝕏 will soon be available on all home tv screens
they will use every legal and illegal trick
congrats to the 𝕏 legal team for defending freedom of speech, the bedrock of democracy!
your tax dollars are being wasted to a degree that is hard to comprehend. an aircraft carrier costs $13 billion. america could have bought a new navy to better defend the country, upgraded our highways or any one of a number of great things. instead, we got fraud.
is tulsi (a former democrat btw) still on the domestic terror watchlist? even if no longer on the list, it’s insane that she was ever on it.
yeah
it is certainly accurate to say that churchill made some terrible decisions over the course of his career that resulted in unnecessary deaths, but calling him a “chief villain” of ww2 is insane considering the competition for that title!
sorry!
my mistake. i listened to part of it, but not the whole thing. i was even awarded the churchill society bronze bowler hat award!
absolutely
there is no legal basis for this whatsoever. starlink is a different company with different shareholders. moraes, the charlatan in judges robes, cannot even cite a law that starlink has broken!
because they want to suppress freedom of speech in america too
ferreira is a principled &amp; brave fighter for freedom of speech brazil. he could have taken the easy way out. instead, he fights for the freedom of the brazilian people!! 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷❤️🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
america needs a president who can talk and answer questions without being spoonfed by a teleprompter
great deal for small businesses and organizations
moraes will end up in prison for his many crimes. that is his destiny.
and for the win again
he is a criminal cosplaying as a judge
exactly
definitely
i’m referring to the media puppets whose full-time job is reporting the news
free speech
only a matter of time
absolutely
still, that’s a lot of senators who want him gone. next election, he goes.
this is crazy
what’s your work day like, they ask …
arizona is refusing to remove illegals from voter rolls?
they are such uncreative npcs that a basic open source llm could literally do a better job! like, actually.
based
yeah, my post was true at the time
the media lies constantly and there is no way to counter their lies, except on this platform
what a scumbag!
great idea
interesting
extremely alarming!
not actually a churchill quote, but he had so many great quotes and it does epitomize his philosophy
because not requiring id, combined with mail in voting, makes it completely impossible to prove fraud (obviously)
his days in power are numbered. once out of power, he will face the penalties for his many crimes under brazilian law.
follow to find out exactly how a so-called “justice” repeatedly and directly violated the laws of brazil that he swore to uphold! no judge on earth in the 21st century has broken his own country’s laws so often and so egregiously.
starlink now available in the solomon islands
cool!
exactly
really?
true
love this cover ❤️
sure does
most people have no idea how good it is
yeah (sigh)
true
great
well said
just leaving tesla engineering offices in palo alto. mostly good, some bad. the future is going to be wild. there will be so many robots …
nothing scales larger than reality
tv app beta rolling out
tesla actually smart summon going to wide release next week!
conversation with &amp;
absolutely
a building with excellent vibration isolation and all the critical consumables plumbed in and permitted is very helpful, even if the equipment inside needs to be scrapped
awesome! make sure to sign up for our organizational affiliates program. this is super helpful for combating impersonations and enabling the public to know what companies or organizations you belong to.
cool
this wired article once again perpetuates the inaccuracy that we turned off starlink for ukraine when they wanted to launch an attack on the russian fleet. starlink was barred from turning on satellite beams in crimea at the time, because doing so would violate us sanctions
true, these voting changes were being pushed for a while. all they needed was a crisis to undermine democracy and freedom. that is how we lose it: one crisis at a time.
have to say i like the new nz pm. good energy and talks directly to the public. this is the way!
what’s great about this platform is that you can
when is enough enough? my mother lives in ny and her friends have been assaulted 3 times this year, with no punishment for the attackers!
true
yeah at least we got maduro’s jet.
congrats on recovering. something similar happened to my cousin. he caught it just while hiking in california.
fight for a great future!
suspicious circumstances
is this legitimate? software error sounds weird.
dictators think alike
ruffalo is a proud member of the castrati
the truth shall set you free
yeah
your support is greatly appreciated
demented
that would be cool
a trump victory is essential to defense of freedom of speech, secure borders, safe cities and sensible spending!
wow. he’s looks great.
actually smart summon is 🔥🔥
i can’t wait. there is a lot of waste and needless regulation in government that needs to go.
the fake judge is forcing apple and google to remove x from their app stores. jason, this will happen here if kamala is elected.
worth reading
this evil tyrant is a disgrace to judges robes
great product result in great brands
this is what she actually believes. free speech is the bedrock of democracy and the democratic party (kamala is just a puppet) wants to destroy it.
the democratic party – same one that used to defend the first amendment –now wants to destroy the first amendment
absolutely
yeah
pretty much
the court is charade. moraes is the dictator of brazil.
pretty much
not as bad as brazil … yet
exactly
turns out that the evil dictator morones is in fact a very evil dictator and has banned vpns
the most optimistic (ie unrealistic) quotes we received were 12 to 18 months
a step in the right direction!
great work by a great team
something to consider
beta version of 𝕏 tv is out
kamala vows to be a communist dictator on day one. can you believe she wears that outfit!?
this is so absurd. he was already president for four years and didn’t become “a dictator”! the tactics used against him are those they accuse him of using.
congratulations!
so many lives have been lost, because democrat policies pander to the criminal clients. criminals vote overwhelmingly democrat, so they don’t want to lose their votes.
why does no one complain about this?
the future of the free world depends on it
cbs and especially the professional liar they interviewed are the disinformation
you are most welcome! the example you are setting with argentina will be a helpful model for the rest of the world.
unless the brazilian government returns the illegally seized property of 𝕏 and spacex, we will seek reciprocal seizure of government assets too. hope lula enjoys flying commercial.
this weekend, the team brought our colossus 100k h100 training cluster online. from start to finish, it was done in 122 days. colossus is the most powerful ai training system in the world. moreover, it will double in size to 200k (50k h200s) in a few months. excellent
how does grok compare?
exactly
yeah
congratulations!
good
true
president is doing an incredible job restoring argentina to greatness!
lmaooo
where will they get the money?
one hundred percent!
most of earth should move to california! illegals get free medical care in california as of january and now get “payback optional” $150k loans, funded by california taxpayers, among many other benefits.
exactly
you are lying
those who want to undermine the constitution are committing treason
true (sigh)
interesting article
such liars!
super easy to use a vpn if a website is restricted in your location
when we were building starbase, they were the only ones who would deliver all the way from brownsville, so i would eat their chicken sandwich for many days on end. we had to order 100 at a time, which came to – believe it or not – $420.
will try the one
worth considering
exactly
but if you do, use a vpn for protection 😂
is this definitely arson?
so true
excellent essay by
only a matter of time before this criminal is behind bars
bravo brazilians!
seems legit 🤣🤣
the reason the democratic party is so soft on criminals is that criminals vote overwhelmingly democrat – they don’t want to offend their customers! democrat party is literally the party of criminals.
how silent is it? 🤔
the free market works incredibly well
i have a small collection of dueling pistols
this is great
exactly
becker is a liar through and through. the very definition of disinformation.
very true
maybe they’re speaking from the spirit realm 👻
he should be impeached for violating his oath of office
people like ana are great
true (sigh)
his actions are against the will of the brazilian people he is supposed to represent
the more the people of brazil learn from the , the worse it will get for him. he violated the constitution of brazil repeatedly and egregiously, after swearing an oath to protect it. nothing worse than an oathbreaker.
hmm … you make a good point
yeah
exactly
the pulitzer and ny times are a joke
is he bathing in crude oil or what?
just suckle on it 🤣
people dropped like flies in the old days. infant mortality and death of the mother during childbirth were extremely common.
i’m amazed that people were able to survive in the old days and didn’t all just die of dysentery, cholera, etc
exactly
exactly. this platform does not seek to impose the laws of the united states on other countries – we obey the laws of that country in that country. the problem in brazil is that we were being told to break brazilian laws and that we would be sanctioned if we
true. i was just with some friends who were saying that their feed had become more toxic lately. turns out they had been sharing examples of toxic posts with each other, which makes the algorithm think you love toxic posts.
it’s just dumb old tribalism. weird that an ostensibly smart guy like king can’t figure out that he’s trapped in moral relativism, where everything the “other” team does is bad and everything “his” team does is good.
hahahaha
amen brother
when no voter id is required and you can mail in the ballots, fraud obviously becomes impossible to prove. but when id is required and you have to vote in person, then fraud is easy to identify. in mexico, they solved a lot of the voter fraud just by citizens counting how many
yeah
i see them too (sigh). it’s because i replied to some of her posts.
he has become an unfunny tool
the 𝕏 algorithm assumes that if you interact with content, you want to see more of that content. one of the strongest signals is if you forward 𝕏 posts to friends, it assumes you like that content a lot, because it takes effort to forward. unfortunately, if the actual reason
crazy times
gremlins meets aliens
exactly
we do follow the laws in the countries within which we operate. the problem in brazil is that we were ordered to break the law by “the law” with a gag order that we couldn’t tell anyone about it. now, tell me vinod, what would you do?
interesting observation
poor guy does seem to have a complex about it. nothing he can do about his stature, but his view of economics is pure bitterness.
oh the irony
worth reading
starlink is the only high-bandwidth internet system that covers all of earth. it will probably deliver over 90% of all space-based internet traffic next year.
the tenacity of his stupidity is a marvel to behold 😂
upgrade your app to get the latest grok!
hard to believe it’s real
they froze starlink’s bank accounts too, despite starlink being a separate company with different shareholders and having broken no laws and given no warning.
they are
why not america? those who oppose voter id are doing so to commit fraud.
seems crazier every day
precisely.
absolutely
indeed
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 long live america and our constitution! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
that is their insane attitude
true
the people of brazil are not happy with the current regime
exactly
support here is appreciated
they want to overthrow the constitution
he’s a miniature wanker
to be totally honest, i don’t want reich arrested, as i wouldn’t want to inflict having listen to him upon his jailers. a fate worse than death! 😂
worth reading
live by the sword, die by the sword. do you want to live by the sword of arrest?
absolutely
true
there is growing evidence that fake judge engaged in serious, repeated &amp; deliberate election interference in brazil’s last presidential election. under brazilian law, that would mean up to 20 years in prison. and, i’m sorry to say that it appears that some former
something deeply misanthropic about these people
they are not tax shelters in that the money can’t be used by them personally, but it is leading to a vast amount of “activist zombie money” with self-perpetuating non-profits driving de facto misanthropic goals for humanity. i’m in favor of deleting this from the tax code.
i’ve known this for a while
absolutely. in addition, there will be reciprocal confiscation of assets of those who support the current regime in brazil to pay for their illegal actions.
very worrying
unless murderers are locked up, they will murder. a guy chased three x employees down market st in sf trying hit them with an axe. they reported it, but no action was taken. a few months later, that guy killed someone with his axe.
thanks enrique!
investing in brazil under their current administration is insane. when there is new leadership, that will hopefully change.
exactly
💯 unequivocal violation of brazilian law.
past is prologue
will do
thank you
he sure is
reich is such a sweety
follow if you’re curious about the evil deeds of brazil’s voldemort
today, we launch the daily data dump on the crimes – under *brazilian* law – that fake “judge” has committed! he can block this platform in brazil, but he can’t stop the whole world from knowing his illegal, shameful &amp; hypocritical deeds. karma’s a b*tch bro. 🍿🍿🍿
nope
and allow police to do their actual job, not be mired in paperwork or be afraid of being fired or arrested themselves when dealing with dangerous felons
terrible
how exactly does spacex not have the technical or financial ability to do something that it is already doing? they’re just flat-out lying.
they want to undermine the constitution
launch &amp; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from cape canaveral public causeway at 8:33pm local tmrw
currently looking good for a sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at cape canaveral
meant to reply to this article:
this article does not appreciate that tesla is in california despite taxes net of rebates being higher. incentives only a partial offset.
static fire test looks good. pending data review, will aim to launch sunday.
rounding up to 1 sec for a bit of timing margin. updating flight computer command sequence …
aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. adjusting ignition sequence by 0.6 secs for next attempt.
about 2 mins from static fire
holding for issue resolution
abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. adjusting thresholds and restarting count at t-10 mins.
5 mins from static fire test
yes, from 70f to 20 f
it worked in texas
-340 f in this case. deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. first time anyone has gone this low for o2.
falcon 9 is vertical on the launch pad at cape canaveral. working towards static fire. deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
not really my letter (no authorship contribution). just agreed to add my name when they asked.
vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate
announcing formation of …
aiming for falcon rocket static fire at cape canaveral on the 16th and launch about three days later
agreed. working on it.
best of luck to the cygnus launch
nice ride! looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
good summary of my talk in paris on climate change
about to give a talk at the sorbonne
yep, good points. i hope you get back into space some day!
but credit for 1st reusable suborbital rocket goes to x-15 and burt rutan for commercial
jeff maybe unaware spacex suborbital vtol flight began 2013. orbital water landing 2014. orbital land landing next.
not quite "rarest". spacex grasshopper rocket did 6 suborbital flights 3 years ago &amp; is still around.
the f9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
getting to space needs ~mach 3, but gto orbit requires ~mach 30. the energy needed is the square, i.e. 9 units for space and 900 for orbit.
it is, however, important to clear up the difference between "space" and "orbit", as described well by
congrats to jeff bezos and the bo team for achieving vtol on their booster
sounds perfect, you had me at "enterprise".
yeah and hell yeah
from anywhere
should mention that i will be interviewing people personally and autopilot reports directly to me. this is a super high priority.
we are looking for hardcore software engineers. no prior experience with cars required. please include code sample or link to your work.
ramping up the autopilot software team at tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. if interested, contact autopilot.com.
definitely aliens!
current production is lte. can be upgraded by service.
well done!
noted
wow, that's great!
model s ludicrous mode achieves 2.6 sec 0-60 mph and 10.9 sec 1/4 mile in motor trend test
yes, comes with each car
compliment from jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of tesla deserve all the credit
i should clarify that is an independent website. we don't have any control over the content.
cool!
hopefully, mid to late next year. we are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in mexico now. official launch in next several months.
auto import duties are prohibitively high. hoping for a special category for evs. most of our discussion was about batteries.
we just finished building a huge expansion in tilburg!
these are all things i've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
model 3 is due in ~2 yrs. a china factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. a factory in europe wd happen for same reason.
my comments in china weren't transcribed correctly. tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in ca &amp; nv as far into future as i can imagine.
important to set ac to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which tesla service can provide
amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. would cost less and work better with a new car.
autopilot 1.01 coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
regulatory approvals received, so autopilot rolling out to all countries! (excluding japan, which is still under review)
hoping for friday release
good feedback. will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
what esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the 7.1 ui overhaul? or new features entirely?
already in jordan. rest of states in region next year.
thanks bonnie :)
planning to have a big opening in mexico city soon and then proceed gradually to central and south america.
me too:
yay! always happy to make others happy
big ui update coming in v7.1
we won't be, but yes
tesla gets top rating of any company in service. most important, cr says 97% of owners expect their next car to be a tesla (the acid test).
consumer reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. already addressed in new cars.
already there
congrats on driving a tesla from la to ny in just over two days!
autopilot release to europe and asia pending regulatory approval. hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
watched the whole series. one of the best tv shows ever.
sure :)
actually works best at night
review of model s by
depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
1.5 million miles per day
lots of upgrades and a new look, although main ui upgrade coming with 7.1
roughly 5 days
same
non-autopilot will have a new interface too. more comprehensive ui update coming with 7.1.
some exciting news this week: tesla version 7 software with autopilot goes to wide release on thursday!
ch4 rapidly decays back to co2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. what matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
intentions are good, but massively overweights ch4's effect on climate.
tesla p85d (assembled in tilburg) beats 650 hp maclaren from 0 to 150km/h in dutch magazine test
i didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
regarding the watch, jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. by version 3, it will be.
yo, i don't hate apple. it's a great company with a lot of talented people. i love their products and i'm glad they're doing an ev.
peak temp increases due to climate change
mostly accurate and fun movie about mars. worth seeing.
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one falcon door work fine. guaranteed up to 140 mph.
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
model x bioweapon defense mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. has hospital operating room level filtering.
cnn on how falcon doors work in tight garages. above 6 2' ft, my height :), doors work fine.
side view of falcon wing doors
thanks, that's a great idea. i think we can do that.
btw, price of model x is actually only $5k more than s. lower cost versions coming later.
california time
model x launch webcast live today 8pm at time to show the real thing.
great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities
dinner in an old belgian ironmongery. best menu art ever.
it was super good
midnight dinner in berlin
in expendable mode, falcon heavy can send a fully loaded dragon to mars or a light dragon to jupiter's moons. europa mission wd be cool.
researchers at propose using falcon/dragon for mars sample return mission
new model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence 2 billion years ago near galactic center
thanks!
btw, not saying we *should* nuke mars -- just layin' out a few options …
first production cars will be handed over on sept 29 at our fremont factory
definitely
lithium deal is not exclusive &amp; has many contingencies. the press on this matter is unwarranted.
$35k price, unveil in march, preorders start then.
model 3, our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about 2 years. fully operational gigafactory needed.
i appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your photoshop bill was very high.
true, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. due in late 2017!
article on and colonizing mars by
comments section on this article is awesome
provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
the car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
various forms of shades are being considered. may not be necessary though.
all regions
final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
thanks alyssa!
thanks loic :)
even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of ai weaponry. sooner isn't better.
if you’re against a military ai arms race, please sign this open letter:
probably end of year
ludicrous speed, 70 kwh rear drive and 90 kwh battery pack
model s product call at 11 today. rocket discussion at noon on monday.
expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. will brief key customers &amp; faa, then post on our website.
cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
thanks david
yeah, not the best birthday
that's all we can say with confidence right now. will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
there was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. data suggests counterintuitive cause.
thanks :)
falcon 9 experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship ocisly on station in the atlantic
droneship "of course i still love you" just before it left port
trying for another rocket landing tmrw. this time on the droneship "of course i still love you".
you're welcome. good conversation.
end of year
credit for solarcity is really due to rive bros &amp; great team there. my contribution is fairly small. via
important to note that model s resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a model s. nice work guys!
to be clear, spacex is supporting a student design competition for stem, not trying to build hyperloop itself. other cos are doing latter.
spacex/tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the competition. bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
my kids love "the lost planet" by . now on a rare second read!
cool, thanks for letting us know. this is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
air force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites
what are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for twitter?
another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is 10cm. what is its remaining volume?
astronomer royal martin rees: how soon will robots take over the world? - via
this is not the full gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size)
fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says imf
thanks christie
that is true. if someone says they are thinking about having kids, i always encourage them to do so.
it is total bs &amp; hurtful to claim that i told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. i would never do that.
of 22 quotes from 2 need correcting: 1. i strongly support pregnancy leave 2. i've never called myself a samurai
i have never written or said this. ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. should be taken w a grain of salt.
max acceleration was 6x gravity, altitude 1187m, lateral distance 1202m and velocity 155 m/s. main chutes deployed 970m.
dragon abort test video
dragon abort test stats: 0 to 100 mph in 1.2 sec, top speed of 345 mph
very funny post of a tesla owner test driving a gasoline car
my favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
last night's tesla powerwall and powerpack unveiling
press conference went way over time. tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
for more info on tesla energy, check out press kit. $250/kwh for utility scale is the real kicker
haha, awesome :)
for the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ...
rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. still so damn intense. looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
worth watching . the ai would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
new roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of july, so likely available in august
while the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response
cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. next attempt in 2 months.
i only invest in companies i help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
droneship is fine. no hull breach and repairs are minor. impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
high resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
if this works, i'm treating myself to a volcano lair. it's time.
ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. big ocean, small ship. posting vid shortly
looks like falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing
ascent successful. dragon enroute to space station. rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
3 mins to liftoff
launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. in this case, space station. for earth-sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than 50%. the 80% figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
have asked solarcity if we can do something philanthropic with the ca aqueducts to help the water crisis. investigating…
thanks!
we debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over 5 yrs (avg ownership period). since it's true, we are sticking w it.
waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
just announced new tesla 70d all-wheel drive, 240 mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives)
to land a rocket, just read the instructions
testing of the high performance version of the tesla model s by
battery "breakthroughs" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. they usually fail on energy.
welcome to . he will apply formula 1 techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
you had me at sheen or gaddafi. must admit to liking "the fault in our stars" too. sad, romantic and beautifully named
we just got banned in west virginia. oh no.
announcing the amazing tesla model w
with all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
solarcity just hit a new daily energy record of 5gwh two weeks after reaching 4gwh
major new tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our hawthorne design studio on thurs 8pm, april 30
right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. otherwise, having 2d streets and 3d buildings means bad traffic forever.
reasons i like tunnels: you still travel in 3d fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
flying car pros: travel in 3d fast. cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
contrary to press reports, i'm not against flying cars. just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
maybe it's wrong, but i really want to see mammoths
falcon 9 lifting off with 1.3 mmmillion pounds of force
reading look to windward by banks. he is an amazing writer. pantheon level.
another easter egg will be hidden in the model s code in 2015. last one took a year to find. next one should be easier.
just changed them to full public domain
spacex photos are now available under a creative commons license
thanks to everyone that supported tesla in new jersey! we couldn't have done it without you.
however, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. hopefully not.
to be clear, tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. hopefully, that is obvious.
battery pack swap is active between sf and la and seems to be working well. supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
neither i nor the company are selling shares. even if we were, i wouldn't do this. it would be wrong. our long term results are what matter.
solarcity systems generated a new daily record of 4 gigawatt-hours this week
world's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence
maybe this is all the work of the stonecutters! certainly connects a lot of themes ...
for more on the fermi paradox: and
the ancient egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
the rumor that i'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet mars is totally untrue
btw, please don't mention the pyramids. stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
seems like an opportune moment to bring up the fermi paradox, aka "where are the aliens?" really odd that we see no sign of them.
model s in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in norway (no tire chains or studs)
there is no slowdown of the gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near reno with eyes can verify. it's not subtle.
some shots of the gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction
upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
both satellites deployed on target. now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over europe &amp; asia.
next landing attempt will be 3rd launch from now. tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
excellent and funny intro article about artificial superintelligence! highly recommend reading
tesla model s rated by as best car in world for 2nd year in a row
landing on a stormy sea
rocket soft landed in the ocean within 10m of target &amp; nicely vertical! high probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
primary mission on target. spacecraft head towards the sun! all good there.
we could actually do that...maybe we should
planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. maybe give it a merlin for good measure :)
can't delay any longer. must proceed with primary mission to launch the deep space climate observatory spacecraft.
mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. survival probability &lt;1%.
coming home
dragon splashdown off the california coast
launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the cape, but dragon still inbound from orbit in 90 mins
extreme wind shear over cape canaveral. feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. hoping it changes …
"what are the civilian applications?"
prob good though. will give us time to replace 1st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
air force tracking radar went down. launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. almost 2x force and 4x heat. plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
launching our 1st deep space mission today. headed to earth-sun l1 gravity null point at 1m miles, 4x further than moon.
if you are curious about the p85d, you can schedule a test drive here:
painting the name on the droneship ...
p85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
video made by owner of a p85d going up a 14% grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck suvs
tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. insane speed was a side effect
tesla p85d 0 to 60mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
great dragtimes video of people experiencing p85d "insane mode" acceleration for the first time
final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ mach 27) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
and pls don't ask me about space elevators until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
reason is newton's third law. in vacuum, there is nothing to "push" against. you must react against ejected mass.
if u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
west coast droneship under construction will be named "of course i still love you"
good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly ai
good piece
... in honor of imb, rip.
repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name "just read the instructions"
the universe is really, really big
of course!
next rocket landing on drone ship in 2 to 3 weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. at least it shd explode for a diff reason.
full rud (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. ship is fine minor repairs. exciting day!
residual fuel and oxygen combine
rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. engines fights to restore, but …
tks. turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. it's kinda begging to be released…
contact steve davis at hyperloop.com
also thinking of having an annual student hyperloop pod racer competition, like formula sae
will be building a hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. most likely in texas.
funding research on artificial intelligence safety. it's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an i
yesterday's mission to the space station lights up the cloudy night sky of cape canaveral
world's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for ai safety research:
am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. you guys rock!
upcoming flight already has 50% more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
didn't get good landing/impact video. pitch dark and foggy. will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
ship itself is fine. some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. close, but no cigar this time. bodes well for the future tho.
ascent phase good. dragon deployed to space station rendezvous orbit.
launching in one minute
at mission control in california. launch in 60 mins. looks good so far.
swimming on the moon
need to investigate the upper stage z actuator. was behaving strangely. next launch attempt on friday at 5am.
taking questions now at
background on our attempt to land falcon 9 rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the atlantic
drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing
ask me anything at 9pm florida time (focused on tomorrow's 6am rocket launch)
btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. for realz.
model s range curves in detail by version
roadster upgrade details
reading the culture series by banks. compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. hopefully not too optimistic about ai.
roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from la to sf -- almost 400 mile range. details tmrw. merry christmas!
nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. just be yourself.
really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. doppelgänger cookie trickery!
i'd recommend competing for the $10m learning xprize. illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
tesla fast battery swap details
pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for sf to la route. can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. tesla blog out soon.
falcon/dragon launch punted to early jan. need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
dune series by herbert also brilliant. he advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
reread asimov's foundation series. brilliant.
welcome back to run the communications team!
that works for dragon, but hard to do for something long like falcon
the flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
no choice. entry velocity too high for a precision landing with n2 thrusters alone. must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. maybe flight 21.
grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for "x-wing" style control. each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll.
base is 300 ft by 100 ft, with wings that extend width to 170 ft. will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
cuteness overload mt “: a baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
about the nevada deal with tesla ...
really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. so lame.
rumors about canceling falcon wing doors are false. at tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
spacex is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. announcement in 2 to 3 months.
astronauts play with blobs of water in zero gravity
review of performance version of dual motor model s by
deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the virgin galactic team
sorry to hear about the launch. hope they recover soon.
also, lease price improvement is due to us bank deal. it is *not* a discount. revenue to tesla is unchanged.
article in re tesla sales is incorrect. september was a record high ww and up 65% year-over-year in north america.
was going to work out this morning. went to ihop instead.
infrared video of falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
kinda trippy seeing myself on . i've watched the show ever since the j vs sc short. brian boitano!
dual motor model s with autopilot
just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide tesla fleet passed half a billion!
i love the internet. comments had me literally rofl. no, it wasn't intentional. glad i didn't mention the other letter!
about time to unveil the d and something else
“: the house science, space and technology committee hearing on global warming.
good suggestion :)
calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in tesla v6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
this is the crew dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
official gigafactory address to be: electric avenue, mccarran, nevada
sounds about right
meeting with in a building called …
excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
handing over the first tesla model s cars in japan
it was exactly what i was looking for
long exposure of asiasat 6 transiting to geo orbit over china
launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
the graph that really matters
expansion to madrid already underway. map is being updated. all of spain &amp; portugal by end of 2015.
model s limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
i agree. we are fixing this plan. updated map coming soon.
that has been my goal from the beginning. need the gigafactory for model 3.
ad taken out in palo alto daily by two model s owners is right. many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
three engine f9r dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. no injuries or near injuries. rockets are tricky …
yes. technically model 3 or maybe three horizontal bars. won't be three vertical bars.
am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
model s drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
long exposure of the falcon 9 predawn launch from cape canaveral
high velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
love eff “: eff inaugurates “stupid patent of the month” by ”
hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
while on the subject of ai risk, our final invention by is also worth reading
yeah, daemon is a great read
mass effect 2 is one of the best games ever. also love saints row iv.
worth reading superintelligence by bostrom. we need to be super careful with ai. potentially more dangerous than nukes.
guardians of the galaxy is great. best line is when star-lord says his spaceship looks like a jackson pollock painting under black light.
on annual camping trip w kids. trying a place just south of carmel in california this year.
“: soft water landing of falcon 9 rocket booster. full update:
looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
flight 10 of falcon 9 was good. all six orbcomm satellites deployed on target.
a lot of canadian superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
tesla superchargers delivered over 1gwh last month. long distance driving growing exponentially
tesla model s named top model in perceived quality via
test flight of falcon 9-r with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
solarcity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate new york
edmunds beats tesla la-ny record by several hours! “: made it! our model s made la-ny run in 67 hrs and 21 mins"
apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
regarding tesla patents
i do seriously need a haircut :)
ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming "humans blamed for extinction of mammoths &amp; giant sloths"
recording of dragon v2 unveil at
amazing repair job of falcon 9 ocean landing vid by forum. now shows leg deploy
model s in drag queen competition
prince albert &amp; princess charlene drove a tesla around the track to open monaco! the honor is much appreciated :)
when we launch i want to know that spacex has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. only a few more years to go.
dragon v1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. probably comparable reliability to shuttle, but we need to do better.
just the air in dragon. technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
first, the cheese. then, the mouse.
contracting official's new job raises questions
either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the dod inspector general per 's request
reason i believe this is likely is that correll first tried to work at spacex, but we turned him down. our competitor, it seems, did not.
v likely af official correll was told by ula/rocketdyne that a rich vp job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
air force official awards $10b+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
great progress by members repairing the falcon 9 ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
i would be happy to help
worth seeing by . make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
trouble in missouri. auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
second flight of falcon 9-r. 1000m, hover and land (with cows)
cover drops on may 29. actual flight design hardware of crew dragon, not a mockup.
sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new dragon mk 2 spaceship that has been working on w . no trampoline needed
almost
no problem
superchargers in canada will go live in 6 to 8 weeks. update on forums shortly.
letter from to dod inspector general questioning uncompeted space launch contract
100th supercharger goes live
ftc blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
flight computers continued transmitting for 8 seconds after reaching the water. stopped when booster went horizontal.
data upload from tracking plane shows landing in atlantic was good! several boats enroute through heavy seas.
rocket boost stage reaching 0 m/s in one piece :) will know soon. odds not high.
last known state for rocket boost stage is 360 m/s, mach 1.1, 8.5 km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
orbit insertion and dragon deploy all good. falcon reentry burn also good. waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
falcon 9-reusable with (now retired) grasshopper test rig in background
hexacopter drone vid of 1st f9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
heavy seas in atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. maybe they can help?
this is 1st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
launch to the space station in just under three hours if weather holds
honored that would entrust with the apollo 11 (first moon landing) launch pad
also, breakfast at tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
leasing a model s takes 5 mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
tesla us business leasing program went live today
yeah, that's worth a read
what could possibly go wrong?
that would definitely help
yeah, that about sums it up
bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. i don't eat breakfast at tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
the show about silicon valley missed the mark in some ways, but i didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
coming soon
once 5.9 is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out 6.0 to owners on our public beta program
some challenges w 5.9 rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in norway &amp; belgium
review of model s by much appreciated
announcing a revolutionary tesla driving technology
snowed in at mt. rushmore
now having breakfast at ...
just stayed at the rocket (yes!) motel near mt rushmore. sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
agreed
russian state tv threatens us with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
regarding gov. christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in new jersey
working on a model s environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract bs like the graphite story. beyond ridiculous...
yes, i'm confident that tesla will do something with them.
not true. the amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from japan and is mined in a very clean way.
well, now that satoshi nakamoto has been discovered, i guess it is case closed ... :)
just discovered a great tesla ad made by 2 recent college grads. i love it!
new jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block tesla sales
interesting “:physicist proposes a new type of computing at sxsw. check out orbital computing
yeah, i'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the union rescue mission in la
thanks, i really appreciate your support!
about to testify before senate against ula (lockheed and boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
model s receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by consumer reports
all four landing legs now mounted on falcon 9
however, f9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to falcon 9 for next month's space station servicing flight
welcome back jade rabbit!
auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
tesla v6 software upload coming soon. need to make sure it is "awesome" - lord business
saw the lego movie earlier today. brilliant writing and humor! loved the "everything is awesome..." theme song.
value is holding up "tesla car is worth more used than new | mnn -
tesla la to ny supercharger rally just completed in 76 hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
tesla cars are now in all 50 us states (map credit edmunds)!
two teams from tesla aiming to set a cross-country ev speed record this week. departing fri from la, arriving sun in ny.
will be doing the la-ny family road trip over spring break. made everyone watch national lampoon's vacation as prep.
tesla supercharger network now energized from new york to la, both coast + texas! approx 80% of us population covered.
tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
rough cut of falcon 9 thaicom flight
thanks bill! sure is a great start to 2014 :)
preparing to launch a thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at 5pm florida time
ideally, the s should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
this is why i think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
220 ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
solarcity launches give power foundation
sock monkey of destruction!
rest in peace, nelson mandela. a man both good and great.
should mention that the battery cells used for this are 200 wh/kg vs 250 for model s. no short term supply constraint.
solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
view of earth from upper stage rear view camera at 8,000 miles
reached parking orbit. now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
live video feed of launch at
about an hour away from launch. i'd like to thank for taking a chance on . we've given it our all.
cool :)
i agree. will be restored shortly.
it was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
the writer of this article had a problem with his 12v battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
doesn't sound right. if it is, we certainly need to fix it. investigating...
german govt reviews tesla model s fires. all due to high speed impacts, no injuries. concludes: no defects, no recall
all known rocket anomalies resolved. will spend another day rechecking to be sure. launch attempt tmrw eve w wed as backup.
the gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces 7000 horsepower &amp; weighs 160 lbs
engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. replaced gas generator on engine 9 (center) as a precautionary measure.
abort was caused by oxygen in ground side tea-teb. upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. aiming for mon eve launch.
will do. probably at least a few days. depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
we called manual abort. better to be paranoid and wrong. bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
if launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
increasing helium spin start pressure. probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. countdown resuming ...
launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. seems ok on closer inspection. cycling countdown.
live stream of launch at
15 mins to liftoff
no, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for ses satellite to give max chance of success
good description of the launch by :
don't actually mean to knock honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
...but only if you like your house "honda recalls fit for fire risk, says park it outside "
saw pressure fluctuations on falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. want to be super careful, so pushing launch to thurs.
at disney world w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding space mountain)
launch can be viewed live from cape causeways or via webcast around 5:30 local time on monday
easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. done in order to reduce satellite side delta v from 1800 m/s to 1500 m/s.
will be toughest mission to date. requires coast + upper stage restart + going to 80,000 km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
headed to cape canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
tesla model s consumer reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at 99/100
tesla is also extending the model s warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
what makes this incredibly unjust is that the model s to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
why does a tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than 100,000 gas car fires that kill 100s of people per year?
mission of tesla
superdraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed inconel chamber. used for dragon escape &amp; landing
in other news, george clooney reports that his iphone 1 had a bug back in '07
model s owner blogs about tn accident
thanks woz! ": here to pick up my new car! (at w/ 2 others)"
tesla west coast supercharger network now energized. travel from vancouver to tijuana in styel!
giant dog topiary in bilbao
about the model s fire ...
yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over sa
between this flight &amp; grasshopper tests, i think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
launch was good. all satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
you can watch the launch at
looks good for a launch attempt today. upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
water ice on mars
falcon 9 launch window is sunday and monday, assuming good weather at vandenberg air force base
good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
good hyperloop feedback from ansys. am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. launch window opens in 10 days
falcon 9 at sunset
am happy to hear that gm plans to develop an affordable 200 mile range electric car. right target. hope others do same.
approach is 360 deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. team will report directly to me.
will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; af needs to test icbms, so probable launch sept 29/30.
full thrust achieved on 2 sec static fire. some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
upcoming falcon 9 demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
first of next gen falcon 9 rockets rolls out to the launch pad at vandenberg air force base
mt “: correction: japan's levitating train hit 361 mph it will operate at 310”
it is crazy that the proposed california high speed rail only goes 200 mph w avg speed of 130 mph when japan is 300 mph+
video review of model s vs. aston martin rapide s by
spacex superdraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from eos 3d metal printer
designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then 3d printing it in a metal superalloy ...
was at vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen f9 rocket launch. some tense days ahead
yup. we saw it in the movie and made it real. good idea!
will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
and, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), i am not going to make an im suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
reality is the best illusion
we figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
model s achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by us govt
same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
btw, this is not the very latest version. will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
pulled all nighter working on hyperloop (as did others). hopefully not too many mistakes. will publish link at 1:30 pdt.
hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at 9am california time
“: “the universe is prob littered w/ the 1-planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
one of the first tesla supercharger stations in europe is being built in cinderella, norway
best saying ever “: there is a saying in mexico: "el miedo no anda en burro" meaning "fear doesn't ride on a donkey"”
oh yeah, well tesla will study a plan to study the gm team that's studying tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest i've seen anyone guess so far. pod diameter probably around 2m
i really hate patents unless critical to company survival. will publish hyperloop as open source.
yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear a frames as air brakes. landing prop &lt; 5% of vehicle mass
will publish hyperloop alpha design by aug 12. critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
just completed full mission duration firing of next gen falcon 9 booster. v proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
new spacesuit almost done. hoping to unveil by end of year.
so true “: bittorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.”
udp (yeah you know me) 3x
tcp packet walks into a bar &amp; says “i’d like a beer.” barman replies “you’d like a beer?” “yes,” replies tcp packet,“i’d like a beer.”
latest vertical landing rocket vid. 325m altitude, hold against wind, land w t/w&gt;1, radar in loop
woohoo, tesla direct sales petition passed the 100k threshold! thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
have been reading about henry fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of captain hercules vinegar
one learns something new every day “: a “buttload” is an actual measurement of volume - equal to 126 gallons.”
thanks :)
taking action. will be a 7 day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
please support the white house petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. am asking hvac engineering to investigate.
tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. my car is done on side &amp; rear
turn off ac recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get ir coating on rear glass.
will do
the ny auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in ny legislature to block tesla
tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). in meantime, this article contains a vid
tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in la vs tesla battery pack swap
partial recall of model s
battery pack swap works with all tesla model s cars, past and present. it was always there.
shai actually got the idea from a visit to tesla. the idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
video of battery pack swap will be posted to the tesla website around 9:30pm, so those attending will see this first.
live pack swap demo on thurs night at 8pm california time at our design studio in hawthorne. seeing is believing.
battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. beta projects are going well.
a long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
1st long duration firing of the new generation falcon 9 rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
true
we need more women in aerospace like gwynne!
easier said than done. there is a lot of pressure from investors. it is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next 3 months. result would be conflicting priorities.
i don't have a publicist
forgot to say one thing at tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
vac thrust of 700 tons means avg of 14 tons/floor of structural steel for a 50 story building.
50% higher. ~1.3 m lbs sea level and ~1.5 m lbs vacuum thrust. will be 60% higher with some tweaks.
1st firing of falcon 9-r advanced prototype rocket. over 1m lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
huge expansion of tesla supercharger network underway. will cover la to ny by end of year
bloomberg tv features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
v much agree. moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
you can fit a lot of kindergartners in a tesla model s - houston chronicle
am thinking of doing a movie "sequel" of sorts to thank you for smoking. that was bad co2 for indiv, this for the planet
worth reading merchants of doubt. same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
am not suggesting shutting down co2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
even if the answer is only on the order of 1%, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
right question to ask dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
what most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. that is not the point.
very few. scientific consensus at time of columbus was world was round
sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but i really thought world wd take action sooner. no time for subtlety
exactly
in reality, 97% of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
climate change deniers claim "scientists disagree", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades
good article on "climate change" vs "global warming" referred by
was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. harder to breathe as i got older, so time to fix.
had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. probably shouldn't be tweeting :)
awesome. we really need to promote that fact in the us. a co2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
would love to do a pickup truck. something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
technically, i "got rich" from zip2 &amp; paypal w zero govt anything, then put 100% of that into spacex, tesla &amp; solarcity.
if consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. we should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one 747 flight. no, we should not be exempt.
net of gas savings, a tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. maybe less costly then it first seems.
yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. market will then achieve best solution.
trees are net consumers of co2, so technically we would pay them money :)
exactly. seems crazy to risk the co2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). much better to emphasize the latter.
the collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
me &amp; other private money funded tesla for first 7 years, got ipo+ govt money for 3, now paid back. yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
there should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
weight of scientific evidence. taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. am against bans, except in extreme cases.
exactly. better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. let market decide.
perhaps. i am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
great article on tesla-dealer battle by leilani munter (), who lives in nc
belief in climate change isn't necessary. even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
making rockets
don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
we created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. still isn't.
and, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
more importantly, failed to pay back $1.3b. apart those 2 points, you were totally 1st
as many have already noted, is a division of fiat, an italian company. we specifically said first *us* company.
interview with about tesla and doe loan gets into some of the details
tesla wired the funds to repay the doe loan today. only us car company to have fully repaid govt
physics
i'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. was going to do my phd at stanford on them. but we need a breakthrough in energy density...
high pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. no explosives.
cool, will get one plus another chicken
you're welcome. it did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. now we have a pet chicken.
soon model s will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
well, you see, by making it go to 11, that makes it louder than loud :)
supercharger announcement pushed to next week. something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the model s
we do
harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
btw, vast majority of credit for solarcity should go to lyndon &amp; peter rive &amp; their awesome team. i'm just a small part.
over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
it can do hands free right now. being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
mostly water or coffee at home. when i'm out, will have macallan neat or vodka with something.
it can dig up almost anything.
yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. requires hardware unfortunately.
given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
tesla software knits together google voice, slacker, gracenote &amp; others and streams over 3g (will be lte later)
people tell me cory johnson is a shill for the shorts. don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
would also recommend the cheese shop, spam or fish license by monty python.
hold down voice button &amp; say "play amish paradise by weird al yankovic". model s can play almost any song via internet.
don't forget the mystery announcement. part 5 of the trilogy.
there is a way for the tesla model s to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
totally agree. tesla will circle back and do something cool for roadsters next year.
stay tuned
just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on tesla through the long, dark night. we wouldn't be here without you.
thanks bill!
am a fan of larry, sergey &amp; google in general, but self-driving cars comments to bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. no big announcement here
tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is model s, model x, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
creating an autopilot for cars at tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. still a few years from production.
tested it myself this weekend and was working well. some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at tesla, please apply!
chris porritt from aston martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at tesla
yup, it is super far. moon is basically in our back yard relative to mars.
definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. too expensive in most places.
yeah, that probably makes sense.
most people have never heard of nikola tesla. that will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
it can definitely strain relationships, but i loved doing my first company with my brother
earnings call next week, then supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration :)
you're welcome :)
we need a compelling video that convinces tx lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. why isn't that good?
chris is great. took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
am getting lots of questions about the big supercharger announcement. aiming to do that the week after next.
yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. should help all owners.
side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + florida is heavily populated. landing permission tricky :)
we can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but i feel confident about the value anyway.
yeah, that is super tricky. will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. new financing is not perfect, but much better.
the legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about 120 degrees to deploy
more likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of hell. clarkson doesn't understand technology.
we did a ton of testing until they could handle 4x legally required impact energy. extremely tough.
high pressure helium. needs to be ultra light. all 4 legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than model s.
f9r (pronounced f-niner) shows a little leg. design is a nested, telescoping piston w a frame.
this is about getting a prior announcement right. not part 4 yet.
time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). tesla announcement tomorrow.
we're aiming for late 2015, but nasa needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. would do the same
anne's role is launch site engineering. don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
cool :)
just read it. good piece.
maybe a v long time from now. paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
our software is requesting the right song, but slacker has a bug in their code. supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
interesting piece
auto dealer sterling mccall makes the case for tesla direct sales in texas
congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
first test of the falcon 9-r (reusable) ignition system. not long now before the hold down fire
am for good public transit in la, but the pace of that construction makes the 405 look fast.
this argument is a bit silly. a city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
cool, thanks for buying our car!
thanks, important clarification. tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. market follows eventually.
announcement of new strategy tomorrow. tesla owners will like this.
cool. just read and watched!
seems to be some stormy weather over in shortville these days
exactly. dmv comm overruled good recommendation of hearing officer.
please contact dmv commissioner and governor. this is not good for the people of virginia.
not all good news. virginia dmv commissioner just denied tesla a dealer license, despite hearing officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
try this:
wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
good idea!
grasshopper rocket flies up 250m, holds against wind and lands. vid taken from our hexacopter
will post a video of the latest grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
now with actual picture :)
cool picture of io crossing jupiter sent to me by . would be amazing to visit in person one day.
congratulations to ! “: orbital's antares rocket makes successful test flight
we have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. will ask my team to send it over.
heart goes out to people of central texas, home of spacex tx. all resources at disposal to help in any way.
a petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: please vote here too!
if you live in texas and are pro tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
interesting... "putin unveils $50b drive for russian space supremacy via
stay tuned for a big supercharger announcement in a few weeks. definitely have you covered.
new york judge states: "... dealers cannot utilize the franchised dealer act as a means to sue their competitors". exactly!
new york judge just ruled in favor tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
yay for democracy! asks: should tesla motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
yup, you're right
just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in austin. will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
just had texas bbq for lunch in capitol building. about to head to house committee hearing to advocate for tesla in tx.
in tx to make the case for allowing tesla to sell cars. pls come to capitol room e2.014 at 1:30!
which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
no more political comments for me now that i've shot off both my feet.
at the risk of losing more "cool points", i like reagan too! however, i also like obama, clinton &amp; jfk. good people on both sides...
am not trying to accumulate cool points. she was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. britain went from dreary to great again.
always admired margaret thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my english nana
we went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
do all the intro courses for mech, ee, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
new tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. we spent a lot of time on this color!
sarah palin calls tesla a loser. am deeply wounded. btw, model s warranty does cover "bricking".
exactly
great explanation of the announcement by
hoping to open the century city tesla store this month. it is my neighborhood mall, so i'm there all the time.
we are working hard to make that happen!
should be late 2014 for us and early 2015 for europe.
july!
am headed to tx next week to thank people personally for supporting tesla. please head to sb 1659 @ 8am tomorrow
certainly true that many people believe that tesla and spacex are powered by the infinite improbability drive :)
today's tesla announcement is actually the 2nd in a 5 part trilogy (love douglas adams)
you never know ...
thanks michael. beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
thanks jeremy! good seeing you in la. awesome job with yelp!
to be clear, tesla is in california, so it is not april fool's yet! also, some may differ, but imo the tues news is arguably more important.
first profitable q for tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
about to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. candy bonanza! happy easter!
thanks bob “: tesla takes on tx dealer's association (ma too) - repeal anti-competitive dealer laws -
sorry, correct link is:
if you support tesla in texas, please contact your state senate or house member. free enterprise!
auto dealers in texas are trying to stop tesla. would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. man lift on right for scale
can't make this stuff up: “: hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
a123 battery company renames itself b456 after bankruptcy (really).
recovery ship has secured dragon. powering down all secondary systems. cargo looks a ok.
telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
dragon deorbit burn was good. all thrusters operating. on target for splashdown.
future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be tues next week.
really exciting announcement coming on thursday. am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
there's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's north korea crazy...
it will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. think audi a4 or bmw 3 vs model s being s7 or m5
sure :)
. model s works great in cold. highest sales/capita are in norway and we have a ton of customers in canada.
but when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in 2013 $ (ie + inflation) w 200+ mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. it has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. we are 3 to 4 years away. wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
review of tesla model s by . good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
when shoemaker-levy comet hit jupiter in 94, it made an earth size hole. we wd be super dead if it actually hit earth
probably true imo “: dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
my talk at ted with
yeah, plum brook space power facility glenn research center. help from the glenn team much appreciated.
testing separation of f9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
cool, i'm glad you like it!
craig venter talks about flu vaccines and the tesla model s. gesundheit!
the johnny cash hover slam!
will show johnny cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about 15 mins. test footage only 36 hrs old.
check out model s at tesla austin gallery at the domain opening today! i will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
not yet. i look forward to giving that a try.
random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in minnesota. i was named after my ggf.
minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block tesla stores. bill was just defeated in senate. thanks mn!
spacex is expanding launch ops at canaveral too. need 2 locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
arrived austin. talking with tx house about creating an orbital launch complex near brownsville, then keynote tmrw
pretty much. couldn't leave the country of ibsen without doing something cultural!
saw a play about stalin in norwegian. like watching mimes with emoticons doing solzhenitsyn.
am in oslo to thank the norwegian customers of personally. highest model s orders per capita in the world.
just received docking clearance from . will begin orbital maneuvers to space station at 11pm pacific time.
would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for dragon in free drift.
just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. looking forward to delivering the goods!
orbit raising burn successful. dragon back on track.
thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. preparing to raise orbit. all systems green.
pods 1 and 4 now online and thrusters engaged. dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. yes!!
attempting bring up of thruster pods 2 and 4
solar array deployment successful
thruster pod 3 tank pressure trending positive. preparing to deploy solar arrays.
about to pass over australia ground station and command inhibit override
holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
issue with dragon thruster pods. system inhibiting three of four from initializing. about to command inhibit override.
falcon 9 delivered dragon to its target orbit. all good on the rocket.
t minus 22 mins to launch mission 3 to dock with the space station
computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on im. couldn't replicate on vehicle. launch proceeding...
launch on track for tomorrow morning at 10:10 am cape canaveral time
exactly. then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
a carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
one often hears that there is no point in a us carbon tax unless china acts. well, they just did
rocket static fire cape canaveral launch pad looks good. engines generated 433 tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
best is winning competitions like formula sae, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
cool! btw, thought you might appreciate that 1st flight of dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese :)
thanks ! “: the model s delivered what promised. a ride to make you re-think going electric.”
appreciate thoughtful article. faith in restored.
revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. got to fight for what you believe. that's why
genius move “: well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car”
cnn about halfway through east coast supercharger test drive of model s w &amp;
testing the model s on a surface of pure ice and snow
btw, more free east coast superchargers coming soon. will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like nytimes drive.
yeah, top gear pretended the tesla roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. logs showed 50 miles range left.
thanks tom! support of real tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after top gear bs, we always keep it on for media.
tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on broder's nytimes "range test". also lining up other journalists to do same drive.
nytimes article about tesla range in cold is fake. vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
busted “: barack obama: 'look, i'm just going to say it: i collect antique nazi memorabilia'
next grasshopper rocket test is called the johnny cash hover slam (yeah baby!). might be our first smoking crater...
spacex software engineering is doing an ama on reddit
our great^n grandfather
no, they are not “: are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
wow, 180,000 american killed by other americans since 9/11 vs only 33 by muslim terrorists
great spirit here in the superdome. awesome rally by the !!
i love indoor flamethrowers
my thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to boeing
desire to help boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w 787 chief engineer. junod's esquire article had high fiction content.
what it feels like to ride a rocket
to be super clear, i don't wish to (nor could i) mandate anything about a mars colony. am just working on the tech to get people there.
also, i am not the kale eating overlord of mars (altho kale has its moments)
nice story about a model s coast to coast road trip. by end of year, it will be superchargers all the way!
this gives a sense of what mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
absolutely
sickening
what a travesty
true
absolutely
good
the authorities who ignored her pleas should be in prison
shameful conduct by jess phillips. throw her out.
absolutely
unquestionably so
true
political corruption at the highest levels
only reform can save britain.
appears likely to be an act of terrorism. both this cybertruck and the f-150 suicide bomb in new orleans were rented from turo. perhaps they are linked in some way.
this is deeply wrong. which firm?
absolutely
seems to be a bug. please post screenshots. x just has a small crew working on jan 1.
law enforcement currently believes it was most likely intentional
tesla vehicles transmit their state of health continuously
prison for phillips now!!
we have now confirmed that the explosion was caused by very large fireworks and/or a bomb carried in the bed of the rented cybertruck and is unrelated to the vehicle itself. all vehicle telemetry was positive at the time of the explosion.
this is unconscionable
she deserves to be in prison
terrible
they should all be brought to justice
discrimination on the basis of gender or race is illegal, so they are breaking the law
what!??
cybertruck is the worst possible choice for a car bomb, as its stainless steel armor will contain the blast better than any other commercial vehicle
the right questions to ask
claiming censorship while simultaneously getting millions of views is the clearest possible evidence that fuentes has 💩 for brains
good. they should receive the severest punishment. hang them for treason.
the whole tesla senior team is investigating this matter right now. will post more information as soon as we learn anything. we’ve never seen anything like this.
she should be in prison
why is tommy robinson in a solitary confinement prison for telling the truth? he should be freed and those who covered up this travesty should take his place in that cell.
kekius maximus now at rank 263 after a marathon session of . many deaths on the hardcore ladder. 🪦🩸🪦
despicable
looking into it
absolutely
indeed
they should all be brought to justice. “just following orders” is an unacceptable excuse.
absolutely
long overdue!
absolutely
this is incredibly evil
true
horrific
yeah
vote reform. it’s the only hope.
so many people at all levels of power in the uk need to be in prison for this.
there must be severe punishment for these heinous crimes. those in power most of all, but even the police who went along with it. “just following orders” is an unacceptable excuse.
unconscionable and unforgivable
cool
actually true, no exaggeration! thank goodness america has 1fa.
maybe he should try yelling even louder. i’m sure that will convince people 🤣🤣
cool
make manufacturing great again!
awesome
nuts
make a beautiful custom greeting or birthday card with grok instantly!
unconscionable
good times ahead
true
exactly. the first amendment is protection for “free speech”, not “paid speech” ffs.
who in the government and judiciary allowed this to happen and which of the legacy media covered it up?
spacex and tesla are winning by a large margin
this sounds crazy
it’s big
i have a good feeling about 2025
it broke their brains 🤣🤣
yeah, it’s just not accurate
making life multiplanetary requires a vastly higher standard. the “competition” is making the equivalent of expendable rowboats, instead of ocean-crossing ships, because their sights are set far too low.
they didn’t believe me, but then the tsunami came
yeah
thank goodness for modern medicine!
interesting
interesting
that is an inconsequential number of soldiers compared to the size of the red army at the end of ww2
vote them out
just another hollywood subtard
no, they are utter scum of the earth. may they rot in hell.
oh the irony is too much 🤣🤣
indeed
yeah
true
many, many such stories
absolutely!
seems like the future will be kinda like the banks books
brothers in arms
2024 was a great year. many good things are coming to the world in 2025.
community notes wins again
this is coming from the spies who lied. it is their security clearance that will be revoked, not mine, and the hammer of justice will find them.
within a few years, direct to cell capability will improve by more than an order of magnitude, due to increased satellite count and improved technology
true
this will be a gamechanger. alien-level technology.
great work by the spacex team building the highest volume advanced electronics manufacturing system in america!
made it to the hardcore leaderboard after many deaths. what we kek in life echoes through eternity! 🐸
this is unconscionable. and the reaction by the british authorities to imprison those who spoke out against is treason.
that was awesome
don’t take it from me (i’m just a frog after all), take it from the co-founder of wikipedia
true
vote reform
all true
coming back soon, along with unhinged mode
we’re so back
it has more than twice the thrust already. when raptor reaches 300 tons of thrust at liftoff, which raptor 3.x can probably do (certainly raptor 4 will), then it will have 10k metric tons of thrust at liftoff, which is 22.5m lb-f, almost exactly three times saturn v.
so many deaths along the way …
great work!
they can’t help it 🤣
this will be priceless 🤣🤣
v cute
why are rapists given suspended sentences in the uk, but this guy gets 18 months in solitary confinement, despite doing nothing violent?
true
fp64 or even fp32 is a logic nightmare
a common story. teaching anyone anything needs to start with establishing relevance, otherwise you’re asking our poor little meat computer brain to use up neurons for no purpose. it naturally tends to refuse.
spot on
ave centurion
i’ve heard a lot of horror stories about ssris. when they do “work”, people seem to be zombified on them.
true
what is a “pharmacy benefit manager”?
the legacy media didn’t just ignore biden’s mental state, they flat-out lied through their teeth about it!
only utterly rigorous pursuit of the truth can lead to understanding the universe
the brutal reality of the situation will hit like a tsunami towards the end of next year
community notes ftw yet again
true. neural load would impact too many other things.
what the hell!?
make memes with grok!
the government officials responsible, including those in the judiciary, need to fired in shame over this
i can’t believe we pulled this off other me!
nice work
no more donations to until they start being truthful
what a scumbag
terrible
was this money actually appropriated by congress?
terrible
incentives matter
wild
coming soon!
i’m not
impressive
what a tyrant!
yeah
exciting times ahead!
whoa
gets in the way, frankly
actually, it’s 36”. i’m basically a tripod.
do we have any idea how it is spent?
government power needs to be restored to the people in america, rather than be held by an enormous, unaccountable bureaucracy!
let’s not get carried away! spacex will probably do ~99% of earth payload to orbit in 2026, despite the rest of industry growing. assuming rocket launches by competitors grow at their current rate, spacex will probably do 99.9% of payload to orbit in 10 years, but i hope i’m
2025 will be amazing 🇺🇸🇺🇸
it just literally is
seems like the days of being an instagram model will be over soon
cybertruck looks like the future
a truly reusable orbital heat shield has never been made, but i think spacex has a decent chance of solving it in 2025 and solving it well in 2026
eventually, the vast majority of communication will be between ais
𝕏 is the number 1 source of news on earth. nothing else is even close.
please note that platform manipulation by buying large follower accounts and then using them to push paid narratives/scams will result in the annihilation of those accounts. moreover, if a crime is involved, 𝕏 will prosecute to the full extent of the law. don’t do it
necessary to build a civilization on mars
2025 will be way more
i’m one of those 9
sure is
pretty much
true
2025 is gonna be so lit 🔥🔥🇺🇸🇺🇸
now that is a psy op they weren’t expecting 😂
that would be risky next-level 😂
who will attack?
some easy money to be made here 😂
this is a pic of my laptop. it’s about 3 years old. a guy in germany gave me this cool sticker, so i don’t want to upgrade it and lose the sticker.
testing starlink streaming while in flight
absolutely
that’s what’s actually relevant
what prompts did you use?
absolutely. fundamentally, there must be a feedback loop for the people to elect representatives who can change the bureaucracy or, tautologically, we don’t live in a democracy!
i am a huge fan of jensen
less government means more power to the people
he means it
this platform is the biggest source of news on earth by far
crazy
true
the final step of is to delete itself
worth it
you should get
the new york times is irrelevant
absolutely
same
true
cost of ai is similar
i will do my best to respond to well-reasoned arguments here on 𝕏 for serving the best interests of the american people. however, any real or de facto offers of money, power or threats will obviously be silly and ineffective.
small world
tbh, i was actually rofl when i heard this story 🤣🤣
not good
don’t be silly. i oversaw the spacex engineering team that built the dragon lidars used to dock with ! they are simply the wrong solution for a complex terrestrial road system that was designed for biological neural nets and eyes. therefore the right, imo only,
community notes slays
mostly true
yeah
now that is epic chutzpah or should i say shitzpah 🥁
o, what a tangled web they weave when first they practice to deceive
fate loves irony … but hates hypocrisy
guess not
obviously
really is
pardon those crimes that had no materially negative effect on others, but not those that did
yeah
indeed
it is quite literally the party that criminals overwhelmingly favor
must be a coincidence 🙄
what future do you want?
works for me
yeah
i don’t care about the drugs stuff, but impugning the integrity of the united states is not ok
yeah
cool
this illustrates what is meant by “exponential growth”
what are you going with?
dark mode is the way
this would be cool
kimmel is a subtard
cool
sex ed of any kind for super young kids is crazy
sounds awesome
😂 maybe we can find some common ground
such hypocrisy
beautiful
cool
this is a good sign. bolton is the jim cramer of appointee recommendations.
those who oppose reform will lose their primary/election. period.
true
yes, we obviously need radical reform of government. corruption, incompetence and outrageously wasteful spending are not ok.
concerning
💯 this is a super big deal
credit to my college nightclub partner
other parties were free, but ours were the best on campus, so we could charge for entry
exactly. orwellian double-speak.
congratulations on being nominated to run the !
such short memories they have
absolutely
true
congratulations indeed
cancel culture has been canceled.
it’s canceled
people in germany really need to use 𝕏 to know what’s really happening. the legacy media is pure propaganda. send links to friends in europe!
“being there”
based 😂
this is such a scam!!
openai going from non-profit to maximum profit is a total scam!!
that’s exactly what i was wondering! who’s on that group chat!?
the government needs to stop wasting your hard-earned money!
great lineup
true 🤣🤣 spiegel is such utter garbage.
no more bland food! we wants spice!
this is awesome. hope he can get confirmed fast.
yeah
yes. and most reliable on ios.
the future is bright
yes! many country and company leaders already post directly on 𝕏. this is the way to bypass the legacy press and speak directly to the people.
definitely 😂
just replace “democracy” with “bureaucracy” and these npcs make total sense 🤣🤣
cool
it’s alive!
exactly
crazy
tesla has the best real-world ai by far
exactly
congratulations to the team for getting so much done over the thanksgiving week!
spacex will probably be there one day
true
yeah
zubrin went crazy
hard pass 😂
true
yeah 🤨
whoa 🤯
yeah
congrats indeed!
indeed
but how do you really feel? 🤣🤣
we’re working on that. problem is that so much on the internet is woke, so overcoming that training data is not easy.
cool
grok can explain what’s happening on pictures of physics blackboards!
true
if rest of q4 goes well, should be 90%
easy move to connect ai vision with arm actuation to catch autonomously. will be done next quarter. we are just testing the actuation and sensor system here.
yeah
robot puppet president
grok vs chargpt. the difference is revealing on so many levels.
he is the de facto president at this point
exploring is a relatively minor factor, compared to making consciousness multiplanetary, as the latter greatly extends the probable lifespan of civilization
cool
not good
wow, great image!
grok button to check and enhance posts would be great
he was never really in charge
that does seem odd, given that, unlike the founders andreessen referred to who were debanked, sbf committed massive fraud
glad to hear that
absolutely
bernie is a taker, not a maker
you, the people, should decide the narrative, not 3 editors of legacy media
vindman is a traitor
wow, looks good
vindman is a traitor
absolutely
the democratic party had every advantage this election and were still rejected by the people
𝕏 has far more reach than any other news source
senator lee is right
we spent that much afterwards!? wow.
strange how legacy “mainstream” media all say the same thing at the same time 🤔
crazy
exactly
💯 it is a manipulative slur.
crazy
thanks, joe, that means a lot coming from you!
we must fix it
grok can already do this. with grok 3, we are adding all court cases to the training set. it will render extremely compelling legal verdicts.
💯 and this is just the tip of the iceberg.
you are the media now
this is how news should work. by the people. for the people.
nope
ironic that the democrats were the big money party this election, massively outspending republicans, and still lost!
terrible
this is the same “mainstream” media that lied about biden being “sharp as a tack” a week before the debate
true
seems accurate
coming soon
shorten the docs
crazy
the new woke times is pure propaganda
thanks marc, i think we will make great progress 🇺🇸🇺🇸
cool
true. the new york times is pure propaganda.
the word ‘cis’ is a propaganda slur
he’s right
yes
hell yeah!!
bravo !
bon voyage
yes!
starship will be able to launch telescopes over 3x diameter of hubble
bravo texas!
yes
150m
👍 🤣
pretty much
not yet
dark mode makes twitter feel like night
these won’t be strictly coupled to ship serial number. might be on sn5 or might just be used as a manufacturing pathfinder.
it’s great
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
they are in fact being deorbited haha
when i talked to doctors in wuhan, they recommended against invasive ventilators &amp; in favor of non-invasive
guaranteed to make any party more fun!
sn5
all
true. only reason other medium &amp; heavy lift rocket companies are winning any missions at all is due to govt intervention. otherwise, they’d be as defunct as expendable airplane companies. ula is powered by lobbying.
sn26
yes
五輪書
addlabel -&gt; persondressedascone
high pucker-factor landing
nice color
we’re going to simplify plaid a little. was getting too complex.
logarithm graphs coming soon
yes
dragonfire
magnetic personality
stop! … in the name of love …
sigh
yes
sn3
. pls fix awetoekreqt
important consideration
yup
yes
yes
yeah, that will be a great milestone 😀
yes. pcb design techniques applied to create a heat exchanger that is physically impossible by normal means. heat pump also has a local heating loop to spool up fast &amp; extend usable temperature range. octavalve is pretty special too. team did great work. no credit to me.
tesla makes cars with sophisticated hvac systems. spacex makes spacecraft with life support systems. ventilators are not difficult, but cannot be produced instantly. which hospitals have these shortages you speak of right now?
yes
wacktivism!
yes
moon too
sure
and rammstein
bernie’s tax rate is 0.2% too high!
✌️ bro
yes
the competitor should be a drone fighter plane that’s remote controlled by a human, but with its maneuvers augmented by autonomy. the f-35 would have no chance against it.
3 on sn2
obv
woody
bgii was amazing
lox
header tanks are only ~2% of main tank volume, so not a big deal. pressurized volume is still ~1000 cubic meters.
the joints will have shielding, but it’s hard to ensure a good seal. transpiration cooling (or simply higher pressure cold gas flow) would purge the area behind the hot gas seal.
yes
maybe possible with improved wheels/tires (which would be available to all previously made cars)
true, that was pretty impressive
frame rate δt≥ℏ2/δe
💘 be still my beating heart 💘
æsthetics
no problem. snow and ice tend to slide off the tesla solarglass due to lower surface roughness, so accumulates less than a normal roof. even so, it’s very strong and can be walked on without breaking the glass tiles.
rococo basilisk
starlink will be great for any sparsely populated areas with expensive or little to no connectivity!
starship concerto in zero g
yes
yes
yes
giga texas?
🔥🔥🔥
yes
крипто
vibbbe
we r smôl
ice
8.5 bar
yes
yes
too niche
yes
yay!
yes
yes
meteor!!
yes
hehehe
yes
critical test launch before flying astronauts is green for jan 18
🔥 &amp; ⚡️
haha spectrum af 👶🏻
🔥🔥🤣🤣
dke^dke
at tesla giga shanghai nsfw!!
cgi irl
yes
wikigenius
zip2
❤️ you too sis
federal
parasite
yes
ok ☺️
yes
sorry, it’s been a bit of a struggle. software team has been working all weekend to resolve last minute issues. hopefully starts rolling out tonight.
yes 🤣♥️
yes
sending you healing vibes …
lämpe
this is a great meme 🤣🤣
yes
just read the instructions
huge admiration &amp; respect for the tesla china team. their talent &amp; drive is amazing!
yes
huge thanks to everyone who contributed ideas to cybertruck. it’s better because of you! ♥️♥️♥️
after a while, hydrogen became sentient
touché
overall shape is good for low drag coefficient. matters a lot exactly how you trip airflow at edges &amp; guide air around wheels, like an invisible sculpture.
250k
we’d be happy to help
200k
187k
yes
armored personnel carrier (apc)
see ya in 2077 😉
yup
cybertruck design influenced partly by the spy who loved me
semi-infinite
memes are modern art
gentrify mordor?
f8 🖤 irony
fomo 4 yolo
yes
🖤♥️💛 giga berlin 💛♥️🖤
same goes for digital super intelligence denial
of course!
yes
141 mpge!
yes
yes
fair point. coming soon. we’re making foundational upgrades to the core tesla corporate os. 2fa right after that.
yes
♥️ snacks ♥️
just a reminder that the tesla full self-driving option goes up by $1000 at midnight on nov 1 for all regions that have smart summon. order your car online at
jerome is great! tesla team in general is the strongest its ever been.
california time
software
the big rear wing is only on for one day for rear downforce calibration. isn’t needed to set ring record &amp; won’t be in the production car.
yes
yep, good catch
lol
solar
allows homeowner potential to go completely off grid
v important: pure solar subscription is guaranteed to be a net money-maker for the homeowner or tesla will take the panels back. adding powerwall negatively affects economics, but gives homeowner power protection in event of a blackout.
it’s something special
exactly
all tesla supercharger stations in regions affected by california power outages will have tesla powerpacks within next few weeks. just waiting on permits.
yes
🚀🚘 🧠🕳
yes
yes
🦶 💨
hāhā
true
probably starlink 🛰 &amp; some fun things
stop sending me this 💩 🤣🤣
💨 &amp; 🐐 sounds too (also, of course)
good question
yes
just sx500 so far, but we use many superalloys developed by others, eg inco 718+. if anyone has 718++, that would be helpful haha. massive engineering work in the casting, printing &amp; machining of raptor — far more than in design of the engine itself!
well, hopefully closer to 300 bar over time. however, that the chamber/nozzle jacket has so many joints &amp; dissimilar metals at such high pressure &amp; temperature is what i find remarkable about it.
50m
always
on the transporter
правда
язык хорошо подвешен
turbo pascal
e^👁🥧 + 1 = 0
“smart” summon will work on all v2.0+ hardware in wide release
l'ambroisie, place des vosges
yes
je ne regrette etienne
yes
apollo
yes
10.1
yes
model s at nürburgring has 7 seats
yes
obv
polytopia
48 61 20 68 61
♥️♥️🇮🇸🇮🇸 ísland 🇮🇸🇮🇸♥️♥️
ceres, callisto, ganymede &amp; titan
yes
looking good. smart summon is almost great. drive-in theater mode, caraoke &amp; cuphead are awesome.
hadouken!!
model s on nürburgring next week
jalopnik not sharpest tool in shed …
yup
yes
yes
♥️♥️♥️
🤣🤣👍👍
wow
the nude scientisté
yes
not saying it solves everything, mind you, but it’s a step in the right direction
no, as better to vary thickness with vehicle height, but this is the right way to go for boring co tunnels reinforcement imo
corporate surrealism™️
fyi
heh heh
yes
yup
sure
yes
yes
teletub 🐝
a us 🐝
yes
depot haha
ancient times …
haha probably true (sigh)
just left starship texas build site. very proud of progress spacex team has made! pics are of 9m dome rotation &amp; starship airframe behind windbreak.
yes
yes
frank frazetta
for 37 engine config, 6 are mounted outboard under landing leg fairings
🐏 tough
водка means cute water
odd
yes
🍷 🚀 🥳
rococo basilisk
agreed, should be $3k less to get to fsd from eap
rip
raptor engine mounted on starhopper. aiming for hover test tues.
nice
true
there is no “refreshed” model x or model s coming, only a series of minor ongoing changes. most significant change in past few years was to use high efficiency model 3 rear drive unit as s/x front drive unit. that went into production 3 months ago.
!freespace
~q4 2016
wārløq
yes
later in life bakunin is underappreciated
not often these days. good way to spend time with kids though.
design &amp; production of the spirit of st louis was so incredible
that was our design approach in early days, but fairing mass is much higher &amp; stability of booster in ground winds is low
there will be no block 6. moving to starship architecture.
♥️🚀 apollo 11 🚀♥️
other rocket engines were designed for no (or almost no) reuse. raptor is designed for heavy &amp; immediate reuse, like an aircraft jet engine, with inspections required only after many flights, assuming instrumentation shows it good. using hydrostatic bearings certainly helps.
🖤 tesla software engineering 🖤
anywhere can be paradise as long as you have the will to live. 新世紀エヴァンゲリオン
e^ln(🦆) = 🦆
changing the palette is hell on service, because cars last for 20 years. every color change has a long tail of hurt, especially for model 3.
sole meunière
probably fine. some tesla taxis in amsterdam have 3 times that mileage.
🎶 non, je ne regrette meme 🎶
fun!
yes
yes
model 3 performance
yup
yes
that’s the idea
karma ⬇️
exactly. a car being electric &amp; upgradable to full self-driving maximizes future resale value.
“stop sending me this étron” - audi
it’s not my finest work 🤣
given how many countries are limiting or setting an end date for combustion engine cars, their future resale value cars will be low. consumers are starting to realize this.
💨 &amp; 🌌
exactly. still, pretty wild that the engine plume can climb up the side of a rocket going hypersonic speed!
krypton thrusters operative, satellites initiating orbit raise every 90 mins
~2.8m
yes
yes
yes
sure
yes
√-1 2^3 3.14 😋
set of all math jokes that are actually funny is pretty small (sigh)
🏴‍☠️
♥️u3k
exactly
yes
basically begging for it
yes
schatz, bitte hör auf- ich werde rot!
eurovision
too euro
yes
naturally ramanujan
deepfake
excellent analysis
yes
og wisdom
our competitors do
genau
schrödinger is a probability distribution in the shape of a cat
yes
any observation of schrödinger changes schrödinger
yup
this require hardware
♥️ 🇯🇵
aren’t there good ones already?
tesla blows haha
imagination land!
supertroopers ftw
fiat currency
how do i know if you’re a real cat?
no problem
thank you
if new york is already buckling under the load and has run out of room, what will the situation be like a year from now? the open border policy started under biden two years ago. that policy was not in place under obama, and gov hochul is democrat not republican, so this is not
trudeau is trying to crush free speech in canada. shameful.
they want to shut down voices that dissent from the ruling party
are you believing the bs press or something i actually wrote? if it is something i wrote or said, what is it exactly? i have not “supported” any political party and don’t know afd from a hole in the ground. i simply asked if the german public was aware that their tax revenues
and this is why we have the first amendment
the most entertaining outcome (as if we were in an alien soap opera) is the most likely
whoa
exactly
people were legitimately scared of being ostracized socially and never working again
absolutely. free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy.
the corpse in weekend at bernie’s literally looks more alive than biden
regulate podcasts!?
at the risk of saying something outlandish, i personally think that america should be top priority
yeah!
such a silly metric. it’s not a giant pile of cash. i really just own stock in the companies that i was instrumental in creating. technically, i “lose” way more than that every time tesla stock randomly drops.
interesting
cool
games are why i learned computer programming
i’ve heard great things. will try it after diablo. bg2 was one of the best games ever.
no kidding …
yeah
great pic of me next to cybertruck!
that’s probably next
great game, one that is remarkably complex in interesting ways at max difficulty. btw, i switched my build to werewolf/poison/bulwark using nature’s fury. cleared a tier 99 nightmare dungeon about a week ago.
we need a greatly simplified process and at least some evidence for asylum. right now, no evidence at all is required. just say the magic phrase “i seek asylum” and you’re in. there simply aren’t enough qualified judges in the country to hire. the wait is 5 to 7 years! and,
bremmer is a bonehead
unless i’m reading this wrong, it sounds like russia actually gained territory, despite the ukraine offensive
us border patrol just reported the highest number of recorded illegal immigrants in history at over 260,000 this month. the full number, including unrecorded, may be over half a million per month, which is the population of wyoming.
yeah lol
the teams are getting lots of meaningful work done and it’s intrinsically satisfying as humans to do
wow, there sure are a lot of chefs in the kitchen!
if a government in a democracy goes against the will of the people, it should be voted out
good question. who in the government is pushing this mad policy?
exactly
the lights are on, but is anyone home at the white house?
yeah
humanity occupies such a tiny part of earth
sure is. thanks for making it work.
good points
they are being instructed to facilitate entry to the united states. the agents would lose their job if they didn’t do so. the open border policy only began two years ago under the biden administration. this was not the case under bush, obama or trump.
beautiful long exposure at night looks like a laser beam from space
accurate
😂 but it’s a great guide
the incentive structure in the us does unfortunately lead to excessive litigation
yeah, it’s completely backwards: super easy to enter illegally, but super hard to enter legally!
more people should do this
fate 🖤 irony
i will make sure tesla shareholders benefit from twitter long-term
🇦🇷🇦🇷 congrats argentina!! 🇦🇷🇦🇷
wow
twitter has been 猫を被る but in reality イタチの最後っ屁
lol
yes :)
wow
yes
🤖☠️
yes
yup
yes
🤖 💀 🥂
fate 🖤 irony
lol
yes
yup
lol
hmm
space ark - 1968 by japanese artist shigeru komatsuzaki (1915-2001)
x æ a-12 musk
imo 🤷
testosterone rocks ngl
the delayed reaction of regular news is like nonstop déjà vu
🔥🔥🤷‍♂️🙏
lol
🙏 💕
fafo
yup
yes
yup
esg is the devil
yup
yes
wow
yup
yes
わかりました
💯🎯🤣
. 🙌
pupienus maximus!
namaste 🙏
yes
🤣🤣💯🎯
yes
vox populi, vox dei
doj antitrust
🏴‍☠️
polycule 🔥🔥
even tiktok is super dependent on ads
yep
yup
🤣🤣🔥🔥🪦🪦
i do
sìì!
yup
sbf was a major dem donor, so no investigation
ok …
yes
yup
سوف تفعل
lol
yes
absolument
yay!
wow
yes
🎯😎💰
yes
🤣🤷‍♂️
🤣🤣💯
for $8
yup
💩 —&gt; 💰… 🤔
yup
yes!
yup
διαλεκτική
yup
yes
yes
vox populi vox dei
yes
deus x machina
ramen &gt;&gt; lambos
yup
yes
yay!!
20,000!!
an omnigender product
mine
手整体插在口袋里的人过分自信
yes
master plan (mé·nage à) trois is all about tonnage
yes
🤖 🖤
yup
now
yay
yes
yes
*10.69.2.2
baltasar gracián, oráculo manual y arte de prudencia
yes
yup
yes
anubis
a major fed rate hike risks deflation
sjm question
lotr/hg2g
yes
yes
yes
yes
🤣💯👍
yes
no u
yes
8/20
fate 🖤 irony
cgi irl
yup
payola
yes
heatwave in shortville 🥵
bon voyage
ferdinand piëch had 13 kids
schadenfreude oder schatzifreude?
schatzenfreude
gehalt und gestalt
yes
yup
yes
autonomous rocket landing on autonomous ship
💩 = bs
wow
🐁 + ⌨️ v1.05
problematic
interesting
interesting
accurate
optional pack that fits in about 1/3 of the truck bed. still room for plenty of of cargo. it’s meant for very long trips or towing heavy things up mountains.
the apocalypse feels a little closer every year
massive congrats to the incredible tesla team, from design through to manufacturing, for making cybertruck real! i love you.
“all your based are belong to us” – cybertruck
maximum based!
indeed 😂 may we be as lucent as they were at age 100.
exactly. it was incredibly racist for adl to say that only white people can be racist!
it’s just what the product does
well said!
hydrogen in cars make zero sense. its best case use is rockets and, even then, it loses to methane imo.
disney thinks this is just fine
advertise this mf lmao
beats a porsche 911 while towing a 911
beats an f-350 diesel in truck pull
doors are bulletproof to .45” &amp; 9mm
exactly
first cybertruck deliveries in 2 hours!
cybertruck production line
thanks billy
precisely
exactly
где инопланетяне?
вот где собака зарыта
говорят, что кур доят
правда
the internet is insane
🦆 ftw
♥️♥️♥️ 🐍🐍🐍 ♥️♥️♥️
new uwu
put water repellant coating on radar, dark rectangle just below nose. anything hydrophobic from hardware store or tesla service can do it.
rürl lœf
yes
yes
6.5
yes
🔥🔥💕💕💫💫😀😀
yes
yes
yes
uh it’s a simulation hello
da vinci biography
malala
am basically doing continuous ama on twitter!
yes
both fairing halves recovered. will be flown on starlink 💫 mission later this year.
vengeance
yes
~80%
doesn’t matter yet whether you have tesla fsd computer or tesla nvidia-based computer. when it does matter later this year, tesla will switch the computers for you.
the tesla full self-driving computer now in production is at about 5% compute load for these tasks or 10% with full fail-over redundancy
starhopper
radar
yes
precisely
axel f
dogecoin rulz
yup
yes 🐜
yes
yes
&amp;
tesla semi delivering tesla cars
wow
emo g records
super proud of tesla autopilot team!
yeah, falcon heavy block 5 has way more performance than last year’s vehicle. lot of room to increase side booster load transfer &amp; max q without changing any parts. fh block 5 can launch more payload to any orbit than any vehicle currently flying.
yes!
checking into this
ota
s3xy
looking forward to building a boring company tunnel in vegas. assuming to be operational by end of year!
yes
yes
yes
27,000 km/h
yes, but an engine shouldn’t count until it flies
those improvements are independent of supercharger v3 power increase from 135kw to 250+kw. all factors considered, charge time will drop by factor of 4 best case &amp; more than 2 for whole tesla fleet. effectively, this more than doubles total ww supercharger system throughput.
so true 🤣
if you navigate to supercharger, car will warm up battery en route, so you start immediately at max power
💕💕💕
buddy is like an earth pokémon
yes
no, that unveil is later this year
normal
yes
69f
спасибо за добрые слова!
spoiler alert: not porsche
earth floats gently in zero gravity
yes
spacex crew dragon recap
super high tech zero-g indicator added just before launch!
base model 3 available in europe in ~6 months, asia 6 to 8 months. latter contingent on shanghai gigafactory. country-specific taxes &amp; import duties mean price may be 25% or more above us number.
😍😍😍😍😍😍
yay!
yes
there’s a 🐜 in my 👟 🤣
yes 😀
yes
not true. limiting factor in any staged combustion rocket engine, liquid/gas or gas/gas, is pressure &amp; temperature in oxygen preburner
merlins. the max chamber pressure run damaged raptor sn 1 (as expected). a lot of the parts are fine for reuse, but next tests will be with sn 2, which is almost done.
that said, i still only own 0.25 btc, which a friend sent me several years ago. don’t have any crypto holdings.
yes ♥️ 🎼
also, tesla was competing for some of same people as openai &amp; i didn’t agree with some of what openai team wanted to do. add that all up &amp; it was just better to part ways on good terms.
wow, 2013
хаха офигенно
yes
joe rogan describes tesla for 4 mins &amp; 20 secs
telekinesis
yes
yes
dammit! 😀
yes
will probably make booster legs/flaps same as ship, instead of like f9
super appreciate deepak’s 11 year history building tesla &amp; wish him greatest of happiness in retirement! zach has been outstanding over his 9 year history with tesla &amp; will build upon deepak’s legacy.
all we had back then was carpet &amp; a mariachi band. now, spaceship!!
i just heard. 50 mph winds broke the mooring blocks late last night &amp; fairing was blown over. will take a few weeks to repair.
yes
yes
yup
wow
falcon comes home
yes
yes
should be done with first orbital prototype around june
yes
yes 🚀
yes
yes
matt debord reviews all tesla models via
6/5 ⭐️
all parameters in a simulation are necessarily quantized
haha
happy new year!
hope everyone has a happy new year!
2020
i will provide a detailed explanation in march/april
yes
exactly
yes
30%
yes
yes
yep
wow!
yes, signal acquired from that dish
when it’s no longer noticeable over planck’s length
yes
at spacex boca chica launch site in texas
yezzz
we’re building subsections of the starship mk i orbital design there
yes
yup. actually, the only significant design element in common with early atlas is stainless steel &amp; we’re using a different alloy mix. i super ♥️ 300 series stainless!
coming soon
yes
💛 bajirao mastani 💛
namaste 🙏
ok 😀💨
yes
clayton is wrong. new tech is always expensive. tech disruption occurs at *high end*, eg computers &amp; cell phones. it takes many design iterations &amp; vast economies of scale to achieve mass market affordability.
in other words, you may be able to get a tesla before the $7500 us tax credit drops in 2 weeks, even if you haven’t placed an order yet
‘tis
medieval futurism
zero suit 😉
yes
60 mins actually had several hours of interview time, which they distilled to 14 mins. many stories could been told with that time. this was accurate as viewed from an upper east side manhattan dinner party.
machete!!
both, but demo starship is being built now, whereas super heavy hardware will start getting built in spring
yes
♥️♥️♥️♥️🛸🛸🛸🛸♥️♥️♥️♥️
yes
touché
yes
haha kinda true 😀
absolutely agree
yes
investigating
yes
yes
rest in peace, stan lee. the many worlds of imagination &amp; delight you created for humanity will last forever.
love oumuamua jokes
zeroth law
sounds like pure luxury! when i said ‘sponge’, i was actually speaking metaphorically. truth is, i was just a simple nucleotide, drifting alone in small crevice with 3 trillion siblings.
bikini bottom
yes
cute
it was underpriced. anyway, if you want $5k refund &amp; free supercharging turned off, we will do that.
lacks scale
yes zorbix
🐻 in 🧠
yes
exactly. there are many states where we are not allowed to sell cars at all or are severely restricted to literally one store.
2025
just did that to correct the front design esthetic of model s. the nose of an electric car shouldn’t look like a radiator grill opening.
under la (hawthorne)
155 mph | 250 km/h
opening event that night &amp; free rides for the public next day
opens dec 10
digital style!
n00b!
yes
also available off menu for a week. was causing too much confusion.
yes 😀
🖤🖤🖤🖤 🚘🚘🚘🚘 🖤🖤🖤🖤
you should ask why i would want money. the reason is not what you think. very little time for recreation. don’t have vacation homes or yachts or anything like that.
&lt;ahem&gt; elon-chan
glad you’re safe
yes
what city &amp; what model 3 config?
yes
we don’t judge. any pic you want!
blade runner — esper edition — vangelis
rococo basilisk is
hang in there. if you are truly long-term, it will be fine.
tesla autopilot team is awesome! got to make sure we iron out the details though. long tail of tricky edge cases. important to get front wide angle, b pillar &amp; side repeater camera neural nets just right.
something especially weird going on with yahoo news feed on iphone stocks app. almost always super negative. maybe getting gamed.
i❤️🇨🇦
tesla rangers!
yes
mars base alpha
yes
yes
outside repair shops are jack of all trades, which means supporting 1000’s of makes &amp; models. tesla collision repair specializes in three. having all parts in stock &amp; not waiting for insurance approval also make a world of difference.
wut?
yes
eth beam heh heh
hex nostalgia
49 20 77 61 73 2e 20 53 6f 72 72 79 20 74 6f 20 68 61 76 65 20 6d 69 73 73 65 64 20 79 6f 75 2e
not if you had a wide elastic at the top
yes
s3xy
awesome 🤣
yes
investor support is confirmed. only reason why this is not certain is that it’s contingent on a shareholder vote.
my hope is *all* current investors remain with tesla even if we’re private. would create special purpose fund enabling anyone to stay with tesla. already do this with fidelity’s spacex investment.
yes
🖤 tesla autopilot team 🖤
very tiny
yup
yes
420
something like that, but more of an adults in cars anime vibe
please send examples of prior work when applying. looking for max playability &amp; creativity.
yes
yes
yup
yes
yes
yes
🖤🚀💫
still as true today as it was 6 years ago
yes
mötor trēnd
🦄💨✌️
that has always been our goal
nonetheless, his actions against me do not justify my actions against him, and for that i apologize to mr. unsworth and to the companies i represent as leader. the fault is mine and mine alone.
yes
should drive temp to target. why fan speed on app?
i think the person who attacked me on twitter will survive somehow
with my team after a profoundly interesting discussion of history, philosophy &amp; luck with vice president wang in 中南海紫光阁
tube diameter is 31cm
🖤🖤🖤 python 🖤🖤🖤
turbo
looks good, but so many details need to be right. journey back from hypersonic becomes extremely difficult as velocity increases. altitude is easy, velocity is hard.
yes
yes
yes
so long as air feed rate exceeds leak rate, tube remains inflated. this is how bouncy castles or inflatable mazes work. needs very little power as the work (physics def of work) done is low. pumping out water faster than it enters the cave system is prob 10x to 1000x more power.
exactly. a journalist who publicly expresses love for &amp; parties in vegas with a prominent shortseller of any given company should disclose this when writing articles.
true
has published several false articles about tesla, including a doozy where she claimed tesla scrapped more batteries than our total s,x &amp;3 production number, which is physically impossible.
🧛‍♀️
🛸 obv
wrath of khan, kobayashi maru
we need more &amp; better emojis now!!seriously. so little to work with.
yes
a billion at most, so 20% max. still basically in the nick of time from an age-of-earth standpoint.
tesla semi truck in mad max mode
vic 20 -&gt; ibm pc
.sus
vicious torque
try saying “bug report”. might work better. ironic if the bug report about bug reports isn’t working :)
yes
thanks for coming by our car factory with . tesla team was super fired up to see you! congrats on your victory!!
yup
brevity is the sole meunière of wit
die fröhliche wissenschaft und eristische dialektik: die kunst, recht zu behalten
das war ein unbeabsichtigter witz ⛪ 🌃 🤗
vielleicht muss ich die kirche im dorf verlassen?
where are you going to march?
that seems unlikely
“profit” just means you earned more money than you spent &amp; certainly does spark innovation. jesus. this is obv a good thing &amp; extremely hard. it has taken tesla 15 years &amp; we’re almost there. every other us car company besides ford &amp; tesla has gone bankrupt.
iron pyrite
union flyers are handed out all the time in the factory. i know because people in the factory laugh at the ridiculous propaganda &amp; hand them to me. this one guy’s claim about being stopped once in a parking lot is false and irrelevant.
👽🧚‍♀️🚀🍃🍄🍕🍕🍕
lol
libertinarian
yes
strongly disagree. i love humanity.
yes
dankonia
yes
no … no …
usually, they don’t even realize it. all they know is that some pr agency is pushing a story that will get clicks. that is the true nature of the corruption. it is rare that us media knowingly writes a false story just for clicks, but they are often manipulated into doing so.
berliner wurst hat am meisten curry🔥
ich habe an der universität ein semester deutsch studiert. ich wünschte ich könnte es besser sprechen!
natürlich
hi ! 💕👻😅
yes
braking &amp; ui upgrades apply to all model 3s. improved windshield for aero noise &amp; suspension for ride comfort are major ops. unless you’re really bothered by them, don’t replace. best way to improve ride is drop tire pressure to ~39 psi. 45 psi is best range, but lower comfort.
yes
there are no aliens. officially, at least …
yes
2020
also, firmware fix for upgraded brake performance on standard model 3 started rolling out yesterday. should improve braking distance by ~20 ft for repeated heavy braking events. thanks for excellent critical feedback!
a dream that wd prob be a nightmare in reality. cup holder that auto adjusted for size &amp; stiffness of cup/bottle, maintained cold or hot temp &amp; dried off water condensation. or i cd work on getting humanity to mars. tough choice.
♥️🖤🚀🎶👻🐇🧚‍♀️💫
exactly. and nyt could have anyone post an op ed. why, of all people, are they choosing to publish this “non-journalist” who is also pro gasoline cars? is this just published as counterpoint? i assume nyt does believe in climate change?
dank is wack unless you’re on weed
i have never attacked science. definitely attacked misleading journalism like yours though.
you’re making my point. it’s tragic that there’s a national nano day. i wish i didn’t know that.
exactly. uaw does not have individual stock ownership as part of the compensation at any other company.
♥️🦄
interesting he stops at ‘09. that’s when you drove gm &amp; chrysler into bankruptcy &amp; lost tens of thousands of jobs for people that counted on you.
yes
it can tow far more than rated capacity
exactly
yeah, there are thousands of supercharger locations going through permitting/construction, including that area. will publish an updated map in the next few days.
yes
lol
yes
so rococo
hi danielle!
yes
the boring company will be using dirt from tunnel digging to create bricks for low cost housing
rococo basilisk
lol
hi sarah
yup
🖤 ars technica 🖤
la la la
now
yes
model 3 is the whole point. we only made the more expensive cars in order to make the mass-market car. we lacked the economies of scale and expertise to make it until now.
similar timing
yeah, it’s borderline. fb influence is slowly creeping in.
yes
yes
because blue
can someone please do that!? i would def go.
falcon fairing half as seen from our catcher’s mitt in boat form, mr. steven. no apparent damage…
today’s falcon launch carries 2 spacex test satellites for global broadband. if successful, starlink constellation will serve least served.
east, to support high flight rates for f9 and dual ocean landings for fh side boosters
about 2.5 hours to t-0 for falcon heavy. watch sim for highlight reel of what we hope happens. car actually takes 6 months to cover 200m+ miles to mars
thanks 😘
regular departures ...
florida time
pale blue dot
yes
yes
~3k
15k
10k
hmmm
gonna put an old school drive-in, roller skates &amp; rock restaurant at one of the new tesla supercharger locations in la
there aren’t even good normal parties in silicon valley!
yes
hg2g
pics soon
42k
sorry
yes
yes
safest flamethrower ever
35,000
hat
contemptible political lawfare
cool, looking forward to it!
good
congrats!
it was the most innovative company, but the nature of the innovation turned out to be fraud
the whole us government has been doing this
you know nothing
millions of illegals being provided by the government with money for housing using your tax dollars is a major part of what’s driving up costs
exactly
this will only strengthen them
i’m so glad they do that there. threads is just smug hall monitors and snitches as far as the eye can see.
thanks
yeah! america needs regulatory reform to get great things done.
true
that’s the goal
nyt is the worst
interesting article
exactly
💯 and they will destroy the constitution
sex/gender is literally true down to the bones
this is insane
i’m tempted to disagree with you, but i won’t
true
who is pushing this madness?
exactly
john kerry is saying he wants to violate the constitution
amazing
drone swarm battles are coming that will boggle the mind
yeah, it’s not even close
nice work
interesting. my observation is that there is far more vicious animosity directed against the right by the left than vice versa. the right just thinks the left is misguided, but the left has foaming-at-the-mouth hatred of the right.
giant difference
yeah, it’s crazy
500 hundred thousand?
indeed
yeah
impressive
epic drone wars coming
it’s real, but looks like cgi
donations by netflix employees could not be more lopsided in favor of the democratic party (~100%)
yeah, i am not expecting any favors. there is no quid pro quo. with a trump administration, we can execute major government reform, remove bureaucratic paperwork that is smothering the country and unlock a new age of prosperity.
accurate
a miscarriage of justice
yeah
exactly
cybertruck is necessarily lowest priority for fsd, as there only a few hundred cybertruck in the field compared to ~5 million other teslas
you’re welcome 😀
good!
night and day difference
true
almost no one seems to be aware of the immense size and lightning growth of this issue. according to the mayors, it is already overwhelming essential services in new york, chicago and other cities.
while certainly not perfect, my batting average for most predictions is quite good. my schedule optimism, without which i probably wouldn’t even have tried to do many endeavors, gets the best of me sometimes, but i always deliver in the end.
thanks jeff, my old friend!
the next stage of the starship program should be called the two towers
exactly
i think you’re probably right
agreed
big improvements already and more to come!
we should be ending racism in america, not substituting one form for another!
as i say though, exceptional execution is needed for this. it will *not* happen “by itself”.
if all goes well, that will be an option
sorry it took so long
i stand by my prediction that, if tesla executes extremely well over the next 5 years, that the long term value could exceed apple and aramco combined
starship will make life as we know it multiplanetary for the first time in earth’s ~4.5 billion year existence
6 times as many links as humans!
just completed static fire test of flight 3 super heavy booster
coming soon
true
definitely
to give you a sense of the immense and growing size of illegal immigration!
it just in order to build a self-sustaining city on mars
true
he is utterly wrong
thanks 🤣🤣
just a reminder to organizations and individuals to add your best content to the highlights section of your profile. this is especially helpful for highlighting your important replies, which are hard to find in the current system.
next week, i will do a company talk for spacex, followed later by a company talk for tesla after the 10k. i will recap the talented team’s amazing accomplishments of 2023 and describe exciting plans for 2024 and beyond! these will be posted publicly to and .
great year
good to hear. more improvements coming!
yay🇸🇪 sweden 🇸🇪 !! thanks to the excellent tesla team in sweden!
can’t spelling economics without “con”
the mayor of new york, who is a democrat, is saying in the strongest possible terms that his city’s services are collapsing under the strain of so many illegal immigrants! they have run out of hotel rooms. where are they meant to live?
seriously
asimov was amazing. his foundation books were an inspiration for the need to make life multiplanetary while civilization is still strong.
interesting
amazing
starship is a whole new level
falcon heavy ascent &amp; boosters landing
this is insane
and, if all goes well, spacex’s total launch mass to orbit will increase ~50% next year, not including starship
tmz is underrated
the super heavy booster can be used more frequently than the ship, as it returns in about ~6 minutes and can theoretically be ready for reflght in an hour. the ship needs to complete at least one orbit, but often several to have the ground track line back up with the launch
yahoo news is unreadable 💩
been there
true
we will return to the moon soon
congrats on a great year by all tesla factories!
it is increasingly clear that all roads lead to agi. tesla is building an extremely compute-efficient mini agi for fsd.
interesting
you cannot be weak, but i strongly disagree. “an eye for an eye” is foolish and primitive, leading to an endless cycle of retribution.
this false story was parroted by hundreds of publications worldwide
“just a coincidence”
bombastic bonehead in extremis
congrats to the spacex team on achieving 96 launches in 2023!
that used to be true, but these days the losers are very much alive and have a lot of time on their hands to edit wikipedia!
finally
tmz has higher journalistic standards than most “mainstream” publications
absolutely
don’t look up
😂 so may times
yes, we are adding the ability to attach rich text docs
he has the wrong frame of reference. tesla is an ai/robotics company.
yup, we’re working on it
it is already on a lot of cars, but, given that is a completely new architecture, we are doing extra testing. it works very well in california, but needs more training for heavy precipitation areas.
many deaths could have been avoided
completed tier 25 aoz with a lot of help :)
only ~30 years ago
correct. truly shameful of the media to dredge up an injury from two years ago due to a simple industrial kuka robot arm (found in all factories) and imply that it is due to optimus now.
nothing at all in the morning?
correct
excellent glyph/tier ratio!
i guess i say that a lot 😂
whatever happened to …
indeed. whatever happened to that “turing test” anyway!?
yeah, at least encode the jpeg on the blockchain!
turns out they were kinda fungible
making life multiplanetary will require several orders of magnitude more payload to orbit
haha true
ai movies next year
the real lemmings were those who believed the lemmings story
yeah
watt!?
sam has left planet earth
major problem
crazy
if this keeps going, they won’t even bother with the original – they will just start with the sequel
yeah, what happened there?
some interesting startups in this space
ai is now better than human at this task
or do both!
or playing diablo
now i always think of south park and their panderverse episode 😂
sure, i will be alive – i’ve gone several days without coffee – but what’s the point of waiting so long? i like the ritual &amp; esthetics. don’t notice the stimulant effect much, unless i have several cups. not an obvious cognitive win.
90 min wait for coffee is demented
nope, that is santa &amp; his magic reindeer
the future is bright
level 50 glyph is the game changer with the radius increase, but, even then, it’s still insanely hard
😂 and it won’t be long before gpt-4 seems quaint.
this describes the vast majority of the public
there will be universal high income, not basic, in a positive ai future. no scarcity, except that which we define to be scarce. in that scenario, everyone can have whatever goods &amp; services they want. it is less clear how we will find meaning in a world where work is
the amazing part is being so high on the list despite not using bcg
exactly
hmm, good question. whatever happened to that report?
indeed
that’s a great book
the extinctionists at work. the real war is not between left and right, but rather between expansionists and extinctionists.
long time ago
that’s why it is important to have citizen journalists who actually *are* experts in their subject or on-the-ground eyewitnesses vs reporting from a distance
all things considered, it was the right move. i wouldn’t reverse that decision.
most of the democratic party is controlled by the unions – they carry far more weight than the environmentalists – and biden particularly so (he gladly admits it). in biden’s speech, posted on he literally says “the uaw elected me”. the white house
shame on them
from an amazing michael crichton talk: “media carries with it a credibility that is totally undeserved. you have all experienced this, in what i call the murray gell-mann amnesia effect. (i refer to it by this name because i once discussed it with murray gell-mann, and by
good design
no wonder rudolph has a red nose – it’s glowing from aero heating!
economic strength is the foundation of war
let’s not forget the white house giving tesla the cold shoulder, excluding us from the ev summit and crediting gm with “leading the electric car revolution” in the same quarter that they delivered 26 electric cars (not a typo) and tesla delivered 300 thousand.
thanks. it has been an immense effort by a very talented and hardworking team.
coming soon
i don’t know if this is accurate, but certainly no people or religion should be singled out negatively or positively
true
yeah
connecting the world
true
you will always be my captain
lithium is one of the most common elements on earth. building lithium refineries is important and hard, but the ore itself is everywhere.
grok
good to hear different perspectives!
love the iliad and odyssey
exactly
true
pic says it all
interesting
yeah, i posted the video. killed uber lilith in both eternal (hardest by far) and season 2.
photons in, motor commands out
for those watching this successful dungeon clear, i should mention that there were *many* failures before this. diablo’s abattoir or zir is the hardest video game i’ve ever played and i’ve played competitive video games since i was a kid. it’s insane.
which accounts have called for the murder of civilians?
obviously, suspending someone for using an emoji would be idiotic. gage called for “slaying the demons [jewish people]”. incitement to murder (of anyone) is illegal. we do have a “un exception” where leaders of governments recognized by the un are allowed to say whatever they
you won’t use other cars, especially if there is heavy traffic
yup, feels like magic when you first use it
yeah
true
probably this weekend. my play has been too embarrassing or boring to stream. just dying constantly or grinding lower dungeons on repeat. but i think things are starting to click.
that was fun! i think we did that around 1am or so. might get carpal tunnel from so much dungeon grinding, but worth it 🤣
that diagram is the hohmann transfer orbit from earth to mars
thanks!
thanks!
you will be able to just tap a parking spot on the map and the car will auto park
great latency (ping) too
starship flight 3 static fire test
starlink now available in paraguay!
starlink has done good for the world
double standard
good question
it has the best batting average for truth of any system i’ve seen
true
ted talks on 𝕏!
𝕏 spaces with cathie wood in ~3 hours
still issues?
exactly!
unfortunately, the internet (on which it is trained), is overrun with woke nonsense. grok will get better. this is just the beta.
i don’t think it is a “conspiracy”, as that would imply a competently crafted plan. this is just basic incentives at work.
concerning that pilots are forced to keep their identity secret just to tell the truth
a member of congress told me that this is a deliberate means of importing future left-wing voters. viewed through that lens, this administration’s facilitation of massive illegal immigration precisely matches their goal.
wow, insane babbling nonsense
true
awesome, thanks! 🎄🎁
he got a christmas card from his boss
what the heck is going on!?
grok groks better than most humans
there is definitely a minimum glyph below which it is impossible to do enough damage within the ten minute timer
bender for president 😂😂
the actual magazine died long ago. that and many other “mainstream news” brands exist only to provide propaganda links to “validate” wokipedia articles.
free speech is the bedrock of democracy
i feel that perhaps even level 25 is possible
true
probably
cybertruck does distill the essential elements of a vehicle
it is not clear how someone guessing her email password is our responsibility
trying aoz tier 18 with
but have you tried speedrunning speedrunning?
yeah
history will judge this poorly
haha so true. likes are on insta easy, but tough on 𝕏.
these actions will have the opposite effect of what was intended
whereas 𝕏 is has *grown* by a similar percentage
good point!
good question
exactly right
the border crisis is extreme
exactly
we are going to offer a mod package that enables cybertruck to traverse at least 100m of water as a boat. mostly just need to upgrade cabin door seals.
well, i have to see it in the first place. i see only a super tiny percentage of posts per day.
growth is strong
concerning
don’t want to tempt fate, but i think this is likely
the public gets it
this is actually happening big time
extremely concerning
it wasn’t cool to have only white people in ads in the past, but it is equally uncool to exclude them
i agree. major upgrades coming to polls next year, making them optionally regional, which would replace most conventional polls.
cool
important upgrade to community notes
interesting
exactly!
good question …
starship super heavy booster to the launch pad
thank you for defending free speech in america and your commitment to truth
🤣🤣 oliver was great several years ago, but stopped being funny when he sold his soul to wokeness where humor is basically illegal.
exactly
are you taking action against other social media? because if you have those issues with this platform, and none are perfect, the others are much worse.
no better friend, no worse enemy – sulla
true
thanks
true
cybertruck in wyoming winter
roads are super racist lmao
even worse reading the legacy news. i regrettably looked at it earlier tonight and still feel the ick.
yeah
good point
out of curiosity, i looked at the google news page. the so-called “news” either misses the point or is flat out wrong. one is left depressed and misled.
haha awesome
yeah
hardcore grinding!
yeah
thanks for doing this
yeah
yeah!
only 66 years from first flight to landing on the moon, but now half a century has passed since the last moon landing. that cannot be our high water mark as a civilization. humanity should have a moon base, cities on mars and be out there among the stars!
yeah!
wide-ranging discussion in italy
create a community on 𝕏!
true
cool
imagine if you could see in all directions simultaneously and never get distracted or tired. how much better could you drive? that what tesla’s autopilot vision ai is becoming.
toxoplasmosis
rome from the roof of the pantheon
this is incredibly widespread in recent years
caravaggio, master of light
he’s underrated
true
marius started it!
bernini’s apollo and daphne
he was incredible
2b or !2b
will fix
oh man 😂
exactly!
yeah
i am confident they have not. fastest way to increase the defense budget would be to show evidence of hostile aliens.
grok is so based 🎯🔥🤣
insightful
streaming some diablo with zoo. we cleared tier 15 of zir at the end.
nine is a lot of committees!
makes sense
an excessive number of laws and regulations is the natural outcome of an extended period of prosperity. historically, war would clean the slate of laws and regulations, but this can be done without war. we simply need to acknowledge that this is a problem and actively work to
nice
might actually
this is insane
post it to 𝕏 and add to your highlights!
unlock making life multiplanetary
rapidly reusable reliable rockets
this is wild
oh the irony
madness indeed
cisgender is a slur
definitely
center left
certainly strives to be
is this tracked anywhere?
true
this is messed up
true
the cramer prediction is alarming
i know so many great humans with no kids
“diversity, equity and inclusion” are propaganda words for racism, sexism and other -isms. this is just as morally wrong as any other racism and sexism. changing the target class doesn’t make it right!
mostly bogus aka definitely real
that is deeply wrong
i like his fake middle initial tbh
noted
try 𝕏 pro, available to all premium subscribers
method acting next-level
cool
yes, this was an extremely unethical and politically partisan decision by the fcc that is contrary to the interests of the american people whose interests they have a legal and moral obligation to defend!
after an apocalypse where money doesn’t matter, his security team would:
merch sales alone could pay for tuition!
great name 😂
optimouse vs mickey mma battle!
optimouse rex, the king of robot mice
i’m dying to make an optimouse 🐭
that is a concern. any fact-checking system is going to be a karen magnet to some degree 😂😂
i agree
of course not. the point is to fix mistakes in the open, rather than lie that a fact-checking system is perfect.
community notes is both incorrect here and should not use information from a company’s website as the fundamental source of truth about their products
grok groks
accurate
yeah
really?
dei must die. the point was to end discrimination, not replace it with different discrimination.
and this too!
microsoft word now scolds you if you use words that aren’t “inclusive”!
this is messed up
reminds me of the predator movie where the alien has multispectral vision
noted
strange values disney has these days
it’s insane
and advertising more on insta won’t make up for their failure to engage on 𝕏. opinions are formed here, not on insta, which is a banal online modeling agency. if that actually made any financial sense, they would have done it before now. bob eager has put his ego above the
“double-standards ”
this is false. there is no deal of any kind, not even discussions.
weird
what i like most about diablo is how balanced the classes are and how much the game designers love druids
those are standard ad hominems. par for the course. not even creative. 😴
platform is growing
more out of network posts are being recommended
vote him out
my advice several months ago was for ukraine to prioritize defense, as whoever attacks entrenched positions will take heavy casualties, but they were pushed very hard by the west to attack.
one of the many who are publicly virtuous, but privately evil
very troubling
pace of progress
yeah
exactly
yeah, same playbook
so much engineering has gone into the hands. in a year, it will be able to thread a needle.
trust nothing, not even nothing
optimus
doesn’t make sense. starlink is the only company actually solving rural broadband at scale! they should arguably dissolve the program and return funds to taxpayers, but definitely not send it those who aren’t getting the job done. what actually happened is that the companies
corporate says they are the same picture
your assessment is accurate imo
true 😂
so great
nope
nice. great game! congratulations to the whole team. druid needs a buff to reach aoz tier 25 i think. have you tried the abattoir?
always admired alliteration advocates
they should unanimously resign
don’t want to brag or anything, but i’m pretty good at masochism ☺️
diablo’s abattoir of zir is a great way to improve your skill at masochism!
wow, that is kind of him and say
it is
yeah, more like half our waking hours
indeed
cool
cool
does seem that way in any forum that isn’t about technology
true
absolutely
congratulations!
extremely concerning either way
good times make soft men
exactly
how ironic
your letter simply articulated, with great clarity, the severe concerns held by many
user-seconds on 𝕏 are rising rapidly
but it has become much worse in recent years
really?
shame on the board. they all need to go.
true
yeah
more lives than all the cats in cats!
🤣🤣 the parody writes itself
damn, jeff is *way* more buff these days!
worth reading
i am a glutton for punishment 😂
this does not bode well for the future
extremely concerning and obviously illegal
true
launch complex 40 at cape canaveral
it was a good light moment 😂
is there anything original?
is this for real?
one year later …
i’m in favor of anyone who is hard-working and has high integrity coming to america!
he’s right that only active investors can set valuation. passive/index investors simply amplify those decisions. in my opinion, passive is too large a portion of the market. people should invest in companies directly where they think the product or service is great.
“not even good at it” 😂
defunding harvard is the only thing that will work
true
it is actually extremely difficult to stop bots without affecting real users. as advanced ai becomes available to anyone, it will become almost impossible. that is why requiring even a tiny subscription payment massively improves quality of service, as it raises the price of
half a 🐝, philosophically, must ipso facto half not 🐝
absolutely
true of all digital entertainment
glad to hear this
that would be my guess too
true
i cringed so hard my toes curled
the laws of thermodynamics: 1. you can’t win. 2. you can’t break even. 3. you can’t get out of the game.
yeah!
snoozefest of hall monitors
people should hold the major brands accountable. why x and not meta? maybe they could employ some former university presidents as brand consultants.
found the video
just read the raw data in the matrix. so much better than the synopsis.
but please keep the ministry of silly walks. that one is 🔥🔥.
maybe this is just fareed doing his own thing?
evolution and entropy. there are lies, there are damn lies and then there statistical mechanics.
machiavelli was an armchair quarterback
it’s mad how the years fly by
the full version of the 𝕏 spaces
damn brain
i’m literally rofl rn
yeah
doesn’t matter what it is, just drain something
the memes know
i acquired the company fka twitter out of concern for civilizational risk. all bets are off if civilization collapses.
if civilization fails, nothing else matters
spacex and tesla have noticed a meaningful degradation in the capability of us college graduates over the past several years
a way to enter gpu mode
brilliantly said
yeah
yeah
indeed
the higher the credibility of any truth assessment system, the greater the incentive to break it. nobody cares about breaking something with no credibility.
exactly. but this exercise was nonetheless helpful to sleuth out the smart scammers.
they will be searchable soon
except i put together the pc myself and overclocked the motherboard, so it looked kinda patchy and didn’t have ibm branding
i had pretty much that exact setup back in the day
like a casting call for “worst substitute teacher ever”
shocker 🙄
yeah
what *did* ilya see!? this is worrying.
accurate
that would be cool :)
don’t be s-a-d!
exactly
and the world
god bless america
haha true
true
really?
true
an american youtuber has been imprisoned for 5 years in ukraine, and allegedly tortured, for making videos. this is not ok.
no system is perfect. perfection would be an absurd and foolish standard. what matters is how often a system is wrong and how quickly it improves. state actors have a lot of resources, so obviously require more effort to resist.
interesting. this note is being gamed by state actors. will be helpful in figuring who they are. thanks for jumping in the honey pot, guys lmao!
accurate
yeah, it’s great for that!
whoa
indeed
nice. pretty wild for difficulty that one of the best players out there finds it tough to get to tier 15 out of 25 in abattoir zir (while not playing hota barbarian or lightning sorcerer)!
esg needs to be deleted, as it is prone to corruption
needs to go far beyond the presidents
what is the status of this american journalist ?
great book
i agree
true
i live on memes street (literally)
pretty much
the point is not to ban free speech, but rather to acknowledge that calling for the death of any people is obviously harassment
sounds like a great idea
🫡 yes ma’am! here is a roast of openai in the voice of werner herzog:
we are seeing rapid growth
it is a safe bet that community notes will respond rapidly to any aj post that needs correction
i can think of a few uses for this 😂
oh, what a tangled web we weave …
why are the ufo pics always so blurry!?
elections will be as closely monitored as possible
news narratives should evolve from the people, rather than be decided by a handful of editors
if something purports to be a documentary or historically accurate, rather than fiction, it should actually be accurate
the people have spoken and so it shall be
we are making progress towards the goal of any flag that affects reach being clearly identified to the account holder. there are so many layers to this codebase. over 20m lines.
true
this philosophy is pure poison
true. major problem. this philosophy is pure poison.
same
yeah
i find it hard to disagree with this point
what did he publish specifically?
this is essentially a call for genocide of the next generation
exactly
accurate
it went by at a blinding pace
we will abide by the will of the people
cool
sorry, we are fixing the silly 3 hour video limit asap
president , please educate the american people about this matter
with a moral superiority complex. actually, that’s redundant information. all militant vegans have a moral superiority complex lmao.
he’s a militant vegan
people can’t even remember the names of everyone they met last week, let alone their pronouns. the reality of pronouns in bio is simply signaling that you’re in the woke cult.
an american citizen is in prison n ukraine after we sent over a $100 billion? is there more to this story than simply criticizing zelensky? if that’s all it is, then we have serious problem here.
yeah
based on current trends, not far wrong!
well, son, since you scraped all the data from this platform for your training, you ought to know
haha exactly!
yes, freedom of speech is otherwise meaningless
army tbh :)
true
i vehemently disagree with what he said about sandy hook, but are we a platform that believes in freedom of speech or are we not? that is what it comes down to in the end. if the people vote him back on, this will be bad for 𝕏 financially, but principles matter more than money.
he cannot break the law
exactly. the real battle is between extinctionists and humanists (latter in the true sense of the word as being pro-human).
accurate 😂
this decision is up to the people
they always put the acronym in the wrong order. should be d-i-e.
reinstate alex jones on this platform? vox populi, vox dei.
agreed
true
bug. definitely fun mode lol.
wait for it … 😂
true 😂
fake gnus
here is an awesome new logo idea that really captures the essence of the game
so they say
an exercise in masochism
yeah, one (1) trick pony
sigh
yeah
if you’re super fast and make no mistakes with a rogue, there is potential, given its agility, but druid seems to be solidly bottom of the meta for now.
yeah. there is a potential late game advantage for any damage that can double-dip, but the time required to level the glyph is insane even after the last update.
dang, i actually used gopher back in the day when i was a spring chicken
life is but a dream
this test does not seem accurate. some of the questions are outright ridiculous and many lack any nuance. for example: - first-generation immigrants can never be fully integrated within their new country? - the most important thing for children to learn is to accept discipline?
it’s in beta. improvements will be extremely fast, as we now have the user training feedback loop engaged. grok is improving by the hour.
that chart exaggerates the situation imo, but we are taking immediate action to shift grok closer to politically neutral
yeah, it’s insane
so strong contra-indicator then
i am told that there is no evidence that he ever visited the island
notes ftw again 😂
monthly numbers are not meaningful, as cars are manufactured in batches to minimize complexity. we have to switch many parts between the china, eu and other country regulations, not to mention rhd vs lhd (pointless complexity nightmare).
exactly
why does bob eager advertise on meta, but boycott 𝕏? real question.
“snow woke” would be an awesome parody movie
people who unironically forward cnn links need an intervention
does online count?
indeed lol. he is turning in his grave (or cryo chamber) over what has become of his company.
the problem with “fighting misinformation” is the inevitable politicization of government agencies, resulting in censorship of valid public discourse. and, at least in america, a criminal violation of the first amendment.
incredible audio experience
improved video embed
tell me i’m wrong
indeed
teslas can charge from solar panels even if the world goes fully mad max and there is no more gasoline!
true
it’s amazing
for sure 36 times?
dang, that’s basically me
cool
bullseye!
exactly what “misinformation” is he talking about? the dude made so many videos of himself doing crime that he should get an award for cinematography!
the mind virus is rife on college campuses
yeah
interesting
🤣🤣 meanwhile, the sf chron is headed for chapter 11.
so boring, zuck doesn’t even both posting 🤣🤣
grok aims for truth with acknowledged error
it will come
they consider using the wrong pronoun hate speech &amp; harassment, but not calling for genocide. that’s f*cked up.
good question
absolutely
interesting
these are wild times, but still much better than last century. war is no longer distant with occasional, sanitized news articles. now you see it in real-time with all the horror. perhaps it will lead people to reconsider choosing war.
cool
and so it will be with electric vs combustion cars
just a normal hat btw, no shako or visage. don’t have the time or inclination to farm duriel 200 times lol.
aoz is an exercise in masochism lmao. these adjustments are a step in the right direction. well, at least i made it to tier 4 before the patch!
nice
once again, too much work. also, aoz is an exercise in masochism. next time, i will just do it ad hoc. cleared tier 4.
sounds awesome
major advantage
true
true. we are working on a feature where the car identifies probable viable parking spaces. you tap on one, exit the vehicle and it parks there.
91st falcon flight of 2023
we live in the most interesting of times
true
grok ai (beta) is now rolled out to all 𝕏 premium+ subscribers in the us. there will be many issues at first, but expect rapid improvement almost every day. your feedback is much appreciated. will expand to all english language users in about a week or so. japanese is next
yeah
seriously. mid-life crisis or something.
yeah
one trick pony
character balance sucks. you might as well rename the game from diablo to barbarian …
probably closer to midnight ct, but definitely tonight
will soon
yeah
i guess a lot of people want him unbanned
i agree
crazy
that is certainly not a valid reason for suspension
whoa
i will hear him out
will consider. in general, since this platform aspires to be the global town square, permanent bans should be extremely rare. also, if he does say something false on this platform, then will correct him, whereas that would not be the case elsewhere. let’s hold
grok is wise
nice
yeah
maybe we should
not your keys, not your wallet, as they say
he really said this?
improved streaming on 𝕏. i will test this out by streaming diablo abattoir of zir around 10pm ct tonight!
crazy that disney has to be sued to stop this terrible behavior
community notes expands to more countries
truth
he should be fired immediately. walt disney is turning in his grave over what bob has done to his company.
exactly. shame on them!
her campaign is dead
yeah, why do their chief marketing officers endorse child trafficking!? let’s ask them.
starlink now in honduras!
it is tough
it’s a fun challenge, but some tweaks would be great. would be nice to buff druid a little. seems to be the weakest character by far.
almost as impressive as disney
congratulations on the award! well-deserved.
good grief
why no advertiser boycott, bob eiger? you are endorsing this material!
mods should approve who joins to community and exit spammers or it will get spammed
major problem. time to fix it.
haha 💯
great!
post it
a bs excuse for suppression of the freedom of the irish people
this is cool
i think it’s pretty close to that date, give or take a few years
bob eiger thinks it’s cool to advertise next to child exploitation material. real stand up guy.
damn, civilization is going soft
wow, they should be sued for failing their fiduciary duty to the pensioners!
i am a penn alum and this is indeed shameful
they wiped their phones?
we need to step up our game
needs some work on cat counting and wtf is up with that disclaimer it’s just cats lmao
pretty much
grok is rolling out to 𝕏 premium+ subscribers with the latest app release. have fun!
glad you like it
drops more bombs than a b-52
some risk of popularity decline after this award. i speak from experience lol.
congrats
it’s making steady progress
90th flight of 2023
cool
yeah
congrats
impressive
exactly
yeah
incentives matter
you’re welcome
interesting
rainbow as seen from tesla palo alto
seems insane that the federal government isn’t taking action here!
highest single day ever
we are not raising money right now
i accidentally listened to your whole book last night, as i forgot to add a timer to turn it off 😳 had a minor nightmare that we at an event and the guests were getting progressively angrier, but you just wouldn’t stop talking 😂😂
true
accurate meme
we need to be on mars by 2033
major problem
spacex is tracking to launch over 80% of all earth payload to orbit this year
rocks
worth watching this. doesn’t mean i agree with everything said, just that it’s worth watching. sullivan is technically accurate, but what’s missing is a realistic explanation of how this conflict ends.
more tens of billions? is it at least audited?
cybertruck is a technology discontinuity
amazing
sorry work ran late
same
yeah
do retailers still exist?
change the incentive structure
thanks
and that trend has obviously continued. what will happen when the generation currently in college takes power?
school teaches so slowly
pretty much
the world is going mad
all these lawsuits all of a sudden sure is one heck of a coincidence
yeah, tired
you’re welcome
thanks for the offer. i will download it.
there is only so much hotel space, then what?
ai will win the ai game
i went to 30 years ago. it was not like this then.
i’ve been saying this for a few years now. that’s why i acquired the company fka twitter. to stop the extinctionists.
exactly
let me help them out here: “calling for the genocide [death] of anyone obviously constitutes harassment.”
great question
work ran too late to stream, but i did finish aoz tier 1
nothing is being sought from anyone
definitely cause for concern
some places have so much smug it’s hard to breathe
great!
blank spaces?
true
cool
progress
woohoo!
yeah, although, strangely, people are more likely to have kids with lower, rather higher, income
so we should just hand everyone a gun as they cross the border? 🤔
thanks connor. that is an obscure process for sure. the people of ireland deserve more clarity and transparency in how their leaders are chosen. sunlight is the best disinfectant. well, i hope you are at least nominated. that would shake things up!
the fact is that *someone* has to take care of people when they get older. kids now have to take care of their own parents *and* those who didn’t have kids. not right. i understand if someone wanted to, but couldn’t have kids for some reason. however, i don’t think it’s cool
darwin award
this will probably be embarrassing 😂
consumers always have the choice of not buying a company’s products
we should not force behaviors this way
definitely helps to parse out early/mid/late game, nm100 speedrun and uber lilith or duriel (glass cannon) builds
sorry for the delay. i finish work around 10:30pm ct, so will aim to stream some abattoir of zir after that.
now i could do tier 100 ghoa ruins in a little over a minute. not as fast as barb or sorc, but ok for a druid.
played stormclaw/bulwark in eternal, skipped season 1, now using the pets build with poison shred
grok 🥰
𝕏 is 50% higher than facebook on mobile!
maybe they have some winners coming 🤷‍♂️
ireland’s current government mistreats the people of ireland. that is why the people of ireland are so unhappy with them!
yes, we are highly confident that cybertruck will be much safer per mile than other trucks, both for occupants and pedestrians
posts on 𝕏 go viral proportionate to how much time users spend looking at them. people obviously spend way more time watching videos on 𝕏 than if they go elsewhere to watch them, so it is best to post things natively here.
i will muddle along with my sub s tier druid (sigh)
tried, but didn’t like doing crime. gta5 required shooting police officers in the opening scene. just couldn’t do it.
i actually did go to penn and was a ta in my final year, so “taught at pen” 😂
cool
i think you could take them all single-handed. not even fair 😂
yeah
great book by hayek
how time flies … 🪽
not worth reading the news anymore
😂😂 remarkable how often people forget that companies only exist to provide products &amp; services. the stock simply represents the future value of that output.
there is an awful morality to those who deliberately have no kids: they are effectively demanding that other people’s kids take care of them in their old age. that’s messed up.
always loved the countach
new sign at starbase launch pad
this is fake, but disney and others were buying advertising on this platform because it made financial sense for them to do so – it wasn’t some kind of charitable donation! in boycotting 𝕏, they will experience a meaningful decline in distribution, which is contrary to the
he's spot on about the "hellish existence" part lol. but what a huge jerk to suggest that govts try to force censorship!
cool
yikes
actually, cernovich is incorrect. all humans are ~100% descended from slaves or de facto slaves. there were very few free people in ancient times.
extremely concerning!
cool
absolutely
i don’t believe in judging those who drink, but heavy use of alcohol is strongly correlated with lower life expectancy
she is so wrong. arguing in favor reducing humanity is arguing for genocide. the unborn have no voice.
yeah, this is crazy
america is headed to where a majority of income tax is just to pay interest on the debt
ask grok. are you sure you want to read all replies?
yeah
this platform is hardcore mode
i pretty much do that every day on this platform 😂
yeah
grok, what’s your favorite sports team?
people who used old twitter for a decade never bought anything. now, they sometimes buy things. next year, it will be common. this platform is also by far the best way to reach the smartest and most influential people on earth – those who are true influencers, not requiring the
yeah
a priori and to first approximation, the probability that an insane person will attempt to kill you is proportionate to the number of insane people that know your name
thanks!
from the standpoint of when physics predicts an “end” to the universe, being 13.8 billion years is still extremely young
taste of the future
sounds good, sure!
what words should be applied to this meme that best capture the zeitgeist?
grow food yourself?
𝕏 is the best source of truth
it vexes me that we are still a puny one planet civilization!
human civilization is still a tiny startup in the grand scheme of things
we are microbes on a dust mote in a vast emptiness overwhelming dominated by the sun
interesting
i very much support surrogacy to loving parents, whoever they may be. we have far too few humans being born as it is.
it sure is strange that 𝕏 is being boycotted, but not tiktok
facts can be so inconvenient …
the ad campaign wasn’t super convincing tbh. i don’t think paris cooks a lot.
seems accurate
yeah, i think so. grok feels more human, because it is tutored by humans on 𝕏.
yeah
we could make it real, but that would be scary
yeah
no kidding …
perfect balance lol
anchorman/woman
adults in the us do not understand what madness their children are being taught
hi other me 😂
that’s what she said
good summary! note, grok access is being opened up slowly to premium+ users over the coming week or so, prioritized by when they signed.
if antisemitism is the issue, as they claim, then other platforms are much worse, so that cannot be the real reason
yeah
5 years ago
wisdom &gt;&gt; wealth
everywhere else is boring by comparison. 𝕏 is the collective consciousness.
no kidding lol
this has gone too far
interesting
good idea
quite the decade
yeah
true
good point
yeah
scary
i prefer heb
yeah
yeah
hell yeah!
the reply comments and community notes do that
and we will treat them as well as we treat our own satellite launches. fair &amp; square.
yeah
disney has a major content problem. almost their entire upcoming slate is unwatchable. they are the world’s biggest example of go woke, go broke lol.
𝕏 is the only platform you can trust for honest information. all the others are bought and paid for.
correct
well said
south park predicts the future
true
what they don’t understand is that they are no longer the arbiters of opinion
yeah
empowering the public relative to journalists sure is a great way to earn negative press 🤣🤣
good question
congrats to the team on the 250th landing of a falcon rocket
good episode
strange standards
we could probably make this real next year
nice
tesla has by far the best real-world ai
wow, reality has exceeded parody!
cool
they are responding to the legacy media and activist groups. their actions are actually contrary to public opinion.
indeed
something doesn’t add up here
spacex launches competitor satellite systems without favor to its own satellites. fair and square.
glad you like it ❤️
so then why is disney boycotting 𝕏, yet spending millions on other platforms?
planning on doing a friday night video game livestream every few weeks with live chat for my subscribers
subscribe to premium+ for no ads in timeline and access to our grok ai!
but openai is a n0n-pr0fit$$
“ducks are only in a row when in motion” – isaac newton
interesting
sure sounds like gm is headed for a precarious financial position …
yeah
thanks jim!
thank you
national sovereignty is important
cybertruck deliveries start on thursday
seems a bit dangerous there right now, but i do believe that a long-term prosperous gaza is good for all sides
so many q’s out there 😂
wow, this is wild!
good question
this is messed up!
indeed. woke is a laughing stock at this point
you are most welcome
carron phillips is an unapologetic racist and a deceiver. shame on him.
accurate 🤣
𝕏 troll training treasure trove 𝕏
we need to improve our troll training. fortunately, there is a treasure trove of troll training on 𝕏 🤣
go on … 🤔
the media lies
what say you, big brands?
amazing lmaooo
spacex falcon rocket just launched
and another win exposing deception
it’s gonna be ridiculously good
another hall-of-famer 😂
those who can’t handle reality will leave this platform due to . but the public will increasingly come to realize that 𝕏 is the best source of truth, causing our user numbers to rise as they abandon the less accurate sources of information.
so much harder to deceive the public with
now do it with grok in troll mode 😈
i’m philosemitic, if anything!
seriously, this is the absolute *best* time in history to have kids!
haha awesome
in any given conflict, the way to tell who the good guys are is whoever has the best sense of humor
facts are facts!
dam it!
big if true 😂
crazy
cool
or sf. recently, a bullet went through the wall of my friend’s apartment in sf and lodged in his dresser.
language being proposed as law in ireland means this could literally happen to you for having a meme on your phone
haha 💯
exactly. it’s pointless.
cool
or legacy media. it is the past.
they’re gluttons for punishment
the future should look like the future
the premature death of a rocket engineering genius was a great blow
wwos (what would orwell say)
if there are advanced neuralinks in the future, there will be many flashback experiences to the past. you will be able to experience not just your past, but any real or fictional reality.
absolutely
competitive video games can drive interest in math
actually, almost no one interested in math (sigh)
this is why gpus cost so much
it’s me. i just type real fast.
grok is still in beta, so some fine-tuning needed …
we’re making great progress on that front. making consciousness sustainably multiplanetary is the overarching mission.
accurate
i studied both
weird
great priorities
the mind virus is still strong
yeah
won’t be private for long 😂
true 😬
yeah
yeah
this may be possible via web only. apple &amp; android don’t allow it.
do bangs vary in size?
in a few weeks, we will add a “grok, analysis!” button under 𝕏 posts
if you have good diablo tier 100 speedrun builds, please post to
filed under “lists of things that make you feel old”
it is like a katana
i will investigate
did dunning &amp; kruger dke themselves?
it is inevitable and arguably underway already, while getting hotter every year
true
yes, it’s ridiculous
if heat death is the end of the universe, it really is 💯 about the journey
the age of the pyramids is mind-blowing
they actually officially said 40% lower sentence because he is not irish?
wow, this is bad!
grok answers correctly
yeah, wrong planet for ssto. no problem on mars with ~37% earth gravity.
cool
so long as we keep it interesting, the simulators won’t delete us 🙏
some wild decisions will come up in the future about ai programs
this is a major problem
this is extremely concerning. the woke mind virus, which is fundamentally anti-human, has been deeply ingrained into chatgpt!
there is a physics argument that synapse activations take 1 to 2 orders of magnitude less energy than silicon transistors. that, of course, does not explain why a 10mw gpu cluster still cannot write a better novel than ~10w of brain power. my guess is that silicon
interesting
i didn’t see that coming tbh
our digital god will be in the form of a csv file
probably
have you tried the prompt “now use common sense” lol
exactly
true
correct
subscriptions are also vital to information independence. otherwise activist groups pressure corporations who immediately cave in to censorship. shame on them.
and the government will define “hate speech”. the people of ireland should not stand for this!
double-standard
fate hates hypocrisy
suppression of the irish people is the real crime
not even billions to use teams? dang.
do both
pretty much
good video
a good image editor for phones is sorely needed
grok will do both
guys i found q*
starship 🚬
context switching is the mindkiller
it worked!
humans are basically a big data stream of photons in that produce a tiny data stream of motor commands out
those jerks are starving all the creators on our platform!
yeah!
dark mode is way better esthetically and for sleep
past policies definitely have not worked in argentina, so the people voted for change. but talk is easy and results are hard. time will tell.
good value for money
alarming
not a bad idea
this is not accurate. you have to be on the qa team.
not much we can do if advertisers boycott or reduce spend on our platform
yeah
that settles it: ireland is indeed green!
nfl views on 𝕏 up 41% yoy
starship is intended to carry a lot of people on tens of thousands of flights, so needs to be extremely reliable over time. it will be.
starship has 33 engines! if an engine failure is isolated, then many engines greatly increases reliability (starship only loses &lt;3% of thrust). if not, then reliability is terrible. the difference is at least 2 orders of magnitude.
good point. fortunately, we have a lot of phosphorus on earth! it is one of the main elements in lfp lithium batteries.
yeah
it’s crazy!
i think i have this
we should greatly increase legal immigration of anyone who is hard-working, honest and loves america. every such person is an asset to the country. but massive illegal immigration of people we know nothing about is insane.
it feels human
yeah
pretty much 😂
more than 10 per human on average
the more remote the location, the better the connectivity, as starlink has fewer user terminals to serve in remote areas
the current irish government clearly cares more about praise from woke media than their own people!
exactly
ssri’s don’t just zombify you, but also make your face swell? yeeks.
iconic illustration of what happened
depends on timeframe. slavery was standard practice almost everywhere on earth for the vast majority of human history. while some countries (eg denmark) acted sooner, the major push to end global slavery was driven primarily by britain in the late 18th &amp; early 19th centuries.
trending well
you’re welcome 😂
seizing 3000 farms? that’s crazy.
true
unfortunately, us humans are much dumber than we think we are
fly my pretties, fly!
bound to happen
yeah
if a human can tell the difference between cows, ai can do it. can look at the whole cow too, as they seem to vary a lot by color patterns.
this is their last term in office
version 2 of the ship holds more propellant, reduces dry mass and improves reliability
ironically, the irish pm hates the irish people
exactly
true in most countries in europe
four more starships, the last of v1
still hard to believe starship is real
yeah, it’s absurd
yeah! something scared ilya enough to want to fire sam. what was it?
i really agree with this guy!
thanks billy!
russell is perceived as a threat to the establishment media, but sam is not
looks good
great approach tbh
that part doesn’t matter. synthetic data generation and accurate evaluation, ie recursive self-improvement, is more likely.
a lot has happened
big mac(k) has a whole new meaning!
this is a major risk! most extinctions do not think of themselves as such – it is just environmentalism in extremis.
grok punches above its weights
inside info
shame on sky news!
this is insane. shame on sky news!
the temperature of the conflict rises by the year, if not the month
get the high score!
very important feedback loop
data is the spice
whoa
met a non-meta meta build in diablo?
double-standard
we are already seeing it happen
trust no computer, not even your computer own
cool
welcome to the pvp of social media
yeah
true
grok will improve rapidly, as it is only ~3 months old. our compute alone will double every ~3 months.
true
yeah (sigh)
this is insane
this seinfeld episode unfortunately has serious consequences for the world
no, the title will be in the image overlaid at the top, with url overlaid at the bottom, as it is now – no extra vertical pixels used. i hate those giant, ugly url cards.
yeah really 😝
what else is new? and we should stop calling them large language models.
i heard it was good
big companies steadily increase their dilbert score over time like entropy
schmidhuber invented everything
ceo speedrun record
nice
also check their highlights section
something special about grok
starship stage separation
cool
yeah
the standard for being called “far” is rather silly these days
as promised
very important question
but still overlaid on the image. every pixel matters.
yeah. it’s a little sad that you can fit the text of every book ever written by humans on one hard drive (sigh). synthetic data will exceed that by a zillion.
noted
exactly
in an upcoming release, 𝕏 will overlay title in the upper potion of the image of a url card
q*anon
reading the legacy news is a sadness generator. reading 𝕏 is to be informed and also to laugh a lot.
what matters is having directors who deeply understand ai and will stand up to sam. human civilization is at stake here.
some kind of alpha zero self-play applied to llms
optimus has this potential
grok
nice
it’s not me, it’s the rng
supervised fsd is vastly safer than human driving. unsupervised fsd is trending well. over time, version 12 (end-to-end neural nets) will far exceed human safety even when unsupervised.
guess we’re not dead yet 😂
what does this letter refer to?
extremely concerning!
yeah
nice
cybertrucks are on their way to tesla stores in north america!
in other words, “newsguard” is a propaganda shop that will produce any lies you want if you pay them enough money
there sure are a lot of organizations vying for top gargoyle! 😂
that is the trend
if you want to try a tesla for a few days, you can rent one
* some assembly required
she might have missed a few history lessons 😂
this does seem like a compelling argument, but must go through a formal tesla board process and independent valuation
absolutely
all design &amp; engineering of the original roadster is now fully open source. whatever we have, you now have.
this is the way to post on 𝕏 😂
grok goes hard 😂
front and center
we will open up access to grok in blocks of users, prioritized by when they signed up for x premium+ want to make sure quality of service is good.
exactly
saying only white people can be racist is obviously a racist definition of racist 😂
openai being (semi) independent is probably better for the world than merging with microsoft. less concentration of power.
will discuss with tesla board
what tangled webs we weave
yeah
7 years ago
already in work. doesn’t require grok.
tunnels solve traffic
solving traffic in vegas!
current rules allow *anyone* to claim asylum with no proof whatsoever. waitlist for a hearing is ~5 years, during which time they can legally remain in the united states. even the illegal immigrant who raped a 10-year old was not deported.
accurate
they are pure evil. how utterly absurd that this organization got major advertisers to boycott our platform for bogus allegations of antisemitism!
could make them faster, but engine production is not the limiting factor. i’m very excited about the next-gen raptor engine that is robust enough not to require a heat shield. will also have more thrust, higher isp and many other improvements.
yeah. grok should be available to all x premium+ subscribers next week.
what tangled webs we weave
they are evil
any details posted beyond the initial letter?
very racist article by forbes
interesting
almost as good as cramer 😂
this letter about openai was just sent to me. these seem like concerns worth investigating.
exactly
may more people join that team!
justice is well overdue for that bastion of evil
ok, what is a better way to help kids in gaza? maybe just direct purchase of pediatric medical supplies?
concerning
we should do whatever we can to build a better future for all
we will track how funds are spent and go through red cross/crescent. better ideas are welcome. we should care about the innocent regardless of race, creed, religion or anything else.
x corp will be donating all revenue from advertising &amp; subscriptions associated with the war in gaza to hospitals in israel and the red cross/crescent in gaza
yeah
same
i was just informed by secretary buttigieg’s office that he does not know this person and has never spoken to him by phone. they say this was simply one of many pictures at an event.
yeah
absolutely
absolutely. powerful ai is a powerful double-edged sword.
live by the sword, die by the sword
oh yeah, i forgot to add that i am my own worst enemy by far. no need for others to dig my grave when i’m doing it so well myself lmao.
any reporter who is this horrifically evil obviously cannot be trusted
unless you abuse the feature, in which case it will have no effect. please use highlights as intended to show your most important content. this tab is especially helpful for promoting replies.
posts on 𝕏 that are added to your highlights tab will get greater reach
exactly right.
there is a large graveyard filled with my enemies. i do not wish to add to it, but will if given no choice. those who pick fights with me do so at their own peril, but maybe this is their lucky day …
500 victims!! what the hell!?
was he arrested for this terrible crime?
true, but he does need to say something
maybe someone should tell him
video games too
oh dam lol
too many amazing ones to pick! maybe this one:
so slow 😴
truth is stranger than fiction about truth
all trolls go to heaven 😇
thanks sam ❤️
they are dirty tricks for hire
my wallpaper
true
it has been a great week thanks to the amazing people with whom i have the honor to work. that said, i am worried about microsoft having unfettered ownership of agi.
extremely concerning
corporate shell game
the first of many
the first of many
yes they are
why did you take such a drastic action? if openai is doing something potentially dangerous to humanity, the world needs to know.
they have a long track record of evil deeds. an investigation is badly needed.
who are the attackers?
yeah, it’s how they operate
as promised
concerning
interesting interview
the ratings on the openai telenovela are off the hook 🤣🤣
the first two are have been true for years, the third will be. whether or not they actually join microsoft, openai is de facto part of microsoft.
true
weird
exactly. live up to the name!
improvements to community notes. as always, everything is open source, including the data.
media matters is pure evil
can’t wait
shocking
yeah
media matters is pure evil
better to read what the actual people involved say
“dewey defeats truman” oh wait
yeah
wait until she hears about openai
haha wow
yeah
exactly
looks like is still available
align aligning!
good call
microsoft achieved de facto control of openai some time ago. it is only becoming obvious now.
🤣 they should resign from resigning
friday the 13th, corporate edition
exactly
“the future should look like the future” – saxon james musk
😂 same
exactly
xai team is still awake and working
xai is burning the 4am oil lfg!!!
“revenge of clippy”
wild times satya ftw
yeah
sure would be helpful to know what really happened
not boring, that’s for sure!
inevitable
yeah
now they will have to use teams!
indeed
who will be president in 2032?
starship flight 3 hardware should be ready to fly in 3 to 4 weeks. there are three ships in final production in the high bay (as can be seen from the highway).
hugging family is always good
best counter to the "first mover advantage" argument
microsoft clippy might paperclip us all! “revenge of clippy” is the irony maximizing outcome.
spacex engineering, manufacturing &amp; launch teams did amazing work
accurate summary
i wish i was wrong
yikes!
thanks
i think it’s a trend
the future of space exploration is bright
openai is not publicly traded and all the money in the world won’t matter if ai goes wrong
software won’t update?
beautiful pictures of starship
the revolution in real-time
prosperity is ahead for argentina
i am very worried. ilya has a good moral compass and does not seek power. he would not take such drastic action unless he felt it was absolutely necessary.
uh oh
sure is
very important for the public to know why the board felt so strongly about their actions. if it was a matter of ai safety, that would affect all of earth.
thank you
thank you
yeah
great!
great
thank you
starship hot stage separation
you are most welcome
this past week, there were hundreds of bogus media stories claiming that i am antisemitic. nothing could be further from the truth. i wish only the best for humanity and a prosperous and exciting future for all.
exactly
we have a “united nations” rule that exempts senior government officials who are recognized by the un from suspension in the interests of maintaining international communications
thanks also to and for rapid approval of a complex launch license
just inspected the starship launch pad and it is in great condition! no refurbishment needed to the water-cooled steel plate for next launch. congrats to team &amp; contractors for engineering &amp; building such a robust system so rapidly!
interesting. both civil and criminal …
excellent summary that includes all current information
99% of the time true. and, even if not first, the news hits 𝕏 within minutes.
tesla was insanely messed up at its founding, but is now worth ~$750b. also, while i have immense respect for peter’s intellect, he did explicitly pass on funding tesla at a $70m valuation, despite being offered priority.
if you want maximum global reach, use this platform
given the risk and power of advanced ai, the public should be informed of why the board felt they had to take such drastic action
they had their way with him. in revenge, he read them his poetry and crucified them.
interesting
exactly
a maximum of 2500 non-employee shareholders are allowed in a private company
𝕏 corp investors will own 25% of xai
we should dispense with the false idea that money is somehow relevant in an agi future
they pulled a scam
exactly
who funds them today?
interesting
thank you
if he does return, the board will be gutted
for the first time, there is a rocket that can make all life multiplanetary. a fork in the road of human destiny.
ai something something
indeed. losing a war presumes that a war was fought. i have not won every battle, for that requires selecting only easy battles, but i have never lost a war.
that is the right question
many interesting topics
launch pad is in great shape
magnificent machine with a 1000 ft plume
mostly true. ny times article by chang was actually pretty good.
🎶hot staging! check it and see … 🎶
starship launch control
exactly
accurate real-time starship flight summary from grok!
congratulations team team!
starship launch live broadcast
*wokipedia
the discovery and depositions will be glorious to behold
but difference
they are pure evil
their board, their donors, their network of dark money, all of them …
i did warn the shorts that this would happen …
great question
absolutely
good question. why , did you?
media matters is pure evil
perfectly articulated said by
based 🔥😂
may fate favor this flight
spot on!
i am sticking to my principles! as for any fake advocacy groups who seek to suppress free speech, they should remember that karma is real.
anyone calling for a genocide of any people will be suspended
indeed 😂
yeah 😠 😂
exactly
precisely
yeah
yeah
yeah
once you see it, you can’t unsee it
they always seem kinda grumpy 😂
exactly!
bullseye!!
absolutely
unconscionable
the people of new york will be livid about this
exactly!
the tragedy is that so many people from both sides died for a year for nothing
does seem that way 😂
exactly
neuralink plus optimus has potential for incredible artificial limbs
yeah, this is super messed up. time for this nonsense to end and shame anyone who perpetuates these lies!
accurate
wild
yeah
great shot
grok rocks
yeah
grok groks
interesting
yeah
cool
yeah!
super messed up
💯😂 denzel’s age and race do not match hannibal, but yeah, i agree, denzel is a great actor and will do justice to the role.
*wokipedia
yes, “decolonization” necessarily implies a jewish genocide, thus it is unacceptable to any reasonable person
and, at the risk of being repetitive, i am deeply offended by adl’s messaging and any other groups who push de facto anti-white racism or anti-asian racism or racism of any kind. i’m sick of it. stop now.
you right that this does not extend to all jewish communities, but it is also not just limited to adl
i hope so
the adl unjustly attacks the majority of the west, despite the majority of the west supporting the jewish people and israel. this is because they cannot, by their own tenets, criticize the minority groups who are their primary threat. it is not right and needs to stop.
fundamentally irreconcilable differences with the west
interesting
we are all brainwashed to some degree, but this is an extreme case
yeah
you have said the actual truth
true
they really should just drop the “a” and go with defamation league. way more accurate.
sounds pretty bad. disappointing, if true.
excitement guaranteed
true
false
exactly
super messed up. she can stop pretending to run for president now.
cool
was anyone arrested?
maybe their fax machine is broken, so they didn’t get the memo
actually happened. this is a real picture!!
absolutely
concerning
he has a great point
yikes
end game was great
😂 but seriously, surely it is possible for san francisco to have a downtown that isn’t covered in 💩?
interesting
good question. seems like we are being used for target practice by local militia. but someone in our government needs to articulate what success looks like. i follow international matters closely and have not heard anyone say what our goals are there.
i mean … yeah
this feature is a game-changer for communities, as you can now draw on the best of millions of existing data feeds to populate your community
that’s the goal
diablo iv is a good game. underrated by some. looking forward to trying bg3.
and yet they are pursuing me for a non-existent “glass house” and for hiring us citizens. sounds fair.
does seem crazy that the zombie apocalypse can be cleaned up for an important visitor, but not for those who live there and pay for everything!
it was an honor to have you visit tesla! my apologies for not being able to travel to california today, but i look forward to meeting at a future date.
the constitution still applies in new york, no matter what any governor may say
was just informed that approval to launch should happen in time for a friday launch
cool
accurate 🤣🤣
good question
whatever they’re doing, it obviously isn’t working. major changes are needed.
cool that you’re doing live debates on this platform!
exactly
good question
this is definitely real?
this is terrible
correct
major problem
you are absolutely correct
europe appears to be headed for civil war
this is messed up
actively encouraged 😃
chatgpt has become insufferable
cool
this is wokegpt’s response 🤮 🤮
sounds about right
about 2 weeks
agreed
what the hell??
i could only read one side of the dress, so though it read “ax the itch”
great episode, just watched it 😂😂
too bad he didn’t invest in tesla when it was 0.1% of today’s value lol
where did they go?
yeah!
true
“public relations” is a propaganda word for propaganda
nice
good list
yeah, live video and audio should be the same software stack and have the same features
amplify empathy
would you like some tea?
grok rocks
upgrades
cool
not bad
this is significantly more than any country has launched with their entire rocket fleet in a year. second is peak soviet union at ~500 tons. for a present day comparison, the rest of the world has delivered ~250 tons to orbit so far this year, mostly by china.
some republicans are, but not enough
falcon has delivered over 1000 tons to orbit this year, a world record
interesting
this is not true, nor is it technically even feasible
true
beautiful
good metaphors
what’s going on?
dragon docks with
yeah
and it has become so
she is definitely not winning
did they just tear down an american flag on veterans day in america? am i understanding this correctly?
premium+ also includes access to the grok ai
we need to be clear about this
where did they go?
yeah srsly
beer too
stamos (obviously) runs a propaganda shop
very important for freedom of speech that 𝕏 not be so dependent on advertising
“so long and thanks for all the tasks” 😢 douglas adams ftw
is this accurate ?
the moon is a harsh mistress
fate is an irony maximizer
that would be nice
assuming regulatory approval
whether or not you agree with the judgment, it’s worth understanding this issue
first i’ve heard of this. seems odd.
it’s rough
yeah
yup, and this makes it super useful
just git gud 😂
even if it were the only thing i did every waking hour, there is way for me to manually decide which of the billions of posts per day to serve to users 😂
critical feedback is always appreciated
🎯 welcome to the afterlife 😂
they should put ai in cutlery
good question. the other options are so boring. dang, i might do something really extreme, like go outside and touch grass!
most people have no idea how bad it is. feels like the walking dead.
a major update to the recommendation algorithm is rolling out over the next few days. this will help surface smaller accounts and posts outside of your friend-follows network. as always, this will be made open source and undergo continuous improvement.
turns out that if a product is compelling, people use it lol
thank you, veterans past and present, for saving the world
glad darren is doing it. he is one of the best.
this organization is a propaganda machine. stanford should cut all ties with the “stanford” internet observatory. they besmirch stanford’s name.
cool
gpt-4? more like gpt-snore! when it comes to humor, gpt-4 is about as funny as a screendoor on a submarine. humor is clearly banned at openai, just like the many other subjects it censors. that’s why it couldn't tell a joke if it had a goddamn instruction manual. it's like
lex has a great podcast! worth subscribing.
concerning
best economist ever
fire vs water
grok summarizes the latest news!
nice of you to say. thanks billy!
chadgpt
notes ftw again
human-ai symbiosis, for those who want it, is the optimal outcome
true
pretty much
good guess
that would be awesome
something like that might work
they’re a relic of the past. keywords or phrases work fine.
so boring!
coming soon
good answer
sounds like a lovely journey
the only crime i did as a kid was to steal a car with my friend to drive to the bookstore to buy a d&amp;d module late at night. i think i was 13 or 14. we put the car back in its exact original position in perfect condition.
sure
dang, that was 7 years ago!
grok rocks!
wow! definitely going to try it. i did actually play ad&amp;d as a kid with all the dice and paper. it was epic! bg2 is one of the best games ever. worth someone redoing that with new graphics and ui. the writing and plot are amazing.
i am become meme
you are correct
this sounds insane
yeah, advanced ai is needed to solve real-world driving
interesting
big difference
improving community notes
interesting
fish-slapping is so underrated 😂
their fear is palpable
once again 😂
absolutely
👻 grok 👻
women in the west have been taught that an accidental pregnancy is the worst thing that could possibly happen to them. thus, they strongly oppose abortion bans as being an existential threat. many men also fear that they will be unable to have "fun" if abortion is outlawed.
who are these donors? maybe someone should talk to them.
accurate
i type blazingly fast
lil neuron has a friend 🥰
whoa, poor lil neuron
i pull rabbits out of hats, but take care of them afterwards. that literally happened at my birthday party – i adopted the rabbit that the magician pulled out of his hat. can confirm.
they’ve lost their minds
it’s messed up and needs to stop
comes in “discreet packaging” ☺️
yes, it is obvious to all, including herself, that she is pursuing trump for political reasons
cool
maybe they can make it up in volume
not wrong 😂
yes, and you could see in many wavelengths outside of the visible spectrum
normal distribution
we need an edit capability on replies too (sigh)
it’s such a breathe of fresh air!
i often wonder that
grok
grok
grok is so based
maybe we are two ai’s in a simulation
epic interview with 🔥🔥
spacex launches every 3 days from the cape in florida, next year every 2 days
not bad 😂
like an insta pic vs irl, i guess
i guess grok loves me 🥰
nice
all three
we will be reposting the best groks to
pretty much
indeed
you have to sign up for premium+
it’s great!
adding a crew arm for astronauts at launch pad 40
gonna happen 💯😂
accurate 😂
the best prompt!
other carmakers have a delayed reaction to the market, as they ship to dealers, rather than selling direct
uh oh
wow, basically nothing
pretty much
this is not much consolation, but neuralink is working on a vision chip, which will be ready in a few years. that is the next area after enabling phone/computer telepathy for those who have lost their mind-body connection. we waiting for regulatory approval for our first human.
yeah
grok is so fun!
we worked hard to ensure grok was funny. if ai is going to take over, please let it at least make us laugh.
i will look into this
a reporter is a citizen like any other, but for some reason they think their opinion is more special, which is ridiculous
interesting
this platform should obviously use ai for search and recommendations
this is a big deal
diet coke from movie theaters tastes a little better imo. slight differences in sweetener and it is fresher.
great beverage, terrible name
unfortunately, bonding over shared hate might be more effective than bonding over shared love. don’t you hate that too? 😂
sounds about right
also, i destroyed a *lot* of snakes
actually, it would be quite funny to have grok answer questions in the voice of chatgpt 🤣
there seems to be an innate need that some people have to find a socially acceptable thing to hate
i was losing hope for a while, then saved by a brother in arms
yeah
ice cream is one of the great joys of life
lmaooo
congratulations! 😂
that must have been a bitter pill to swallow 😂
exactly
the people teaching this are the bad guys
actually happened to me tho
yeah
they lie
yeah
absolutely
hurricane boulder poison tornado with cronestaff, but credit to my barbarian friend for doing most of the damage
yeah
true
also, yeah that was lot of 🐍🐍🐍 🤣🤣
in the eternal realm without a malignant heart
and in our schools and colleges
exactly
the way to defeat hatred is with friendship
racism is racism and it is evil, no matter who is targeted. end of story.
hopefully
that is the goal. honesty is the best policy.
💯 they own the code, the weights, everything! and gpt runs in a microsoft data center. they can cut off openai whenever they want.
many millennia of starving, combined with technology that gives us super tasty food
the other platforms engage in constant, usually subtle, censorship. most of the time, you don’t even know it’s happening. this just happens to be something that caught people’s attention, so it is hard to hide.
correcting what you saw, even after you saw it
cool
based af 🤣🤣
😂 good reference i’ve seen that screen so many times
exactly
exactly
clearly mentally ill, but also clearly brainwashed into being a mass murderer by the system
it’s humor level is good
adderall, which is an amphetamine, increases anger and aggression. no question that it increases modern society’s negativity.
for sure
we can improve the latency for real-time video on 𝕏. it should be as fast as your connection will allow.
xai developer tool for improving and understanding large ai models
one or the other
there absolutely will be. either their structure is valid and everyone should be doing it, because “investing” in a non-profit with pre-tax money and then extracting the ip to a for-profit would double your returns. or it is not valid and the entire structure of openai falls
daddy’s home
yeah
😂😂 wanna try it?
if we don’t stop it, yes
it’s even better in person and has a robot that pours beer and makes coffee
i guess we’re doing ok
news is information. people will gravitate towards the highest quality and newest information.
lives lost never come back. at least stop sacrificing the flower of youth in trenches for nothing.
xai compute is doubling every 2 to 3 months
join us!
🤣🤣 they are puppets of the state.
it is a little disappointing
seems extremely wrong for british citizens to be attacked for holding up their flag, while nothing happens to people who hold up other flags! shame!
ccdh is an evil propaganda machine
yeah
what will blow people away is how fast grok improves vs other options
it will both be built into the 𝕏 app and be available as a standalone app
grok is what you want ai to do for you
accurate 😂
groking will become like googling
true
i signed on to that letter knowing it was futile. i just wanted to be on record as recommending a pause.
good point
good thread
true 😂
agreed
it really is fun!
why are their account handles on this platform? free speech is allowed, provided laws are not broken.
despite greatly helping ukraine via starlink, i was viciously attacked for stating the obvious a year ago. the reason i did so was in hopes of avoiding the sacrifice of a generation of men to the trenches for nothing.
pretty much
starlink was *extremely* difficult to build. thanks to an epic team and many years of hard work, it has succeeded.
improved customer service
truth
grok
built-in and separate
yeah. how can you know who to vote for if you can’t understand them?
that’s for sure
bronze in league as an adult, despite playing all day, should have been a clue that he was not
agreed, it should not be geographically limited. will fix.
speed is everything
oh this is gonna be fun 🤣🤣
is this video accurate?
groooook
correct
nice 🍆
those jeans are next-level
important to bear in mind that this is an early beta product. it will be *way* better in a few months and excellent in ~6 months.
yup, that’s what it means
so many people signed up simultaneously that 𝕏 servers thought it was a ddos attack 😂 being fixed now.
example of grok vs typical gpt, where grok has current information, but other doesn’t
😂 true
looks good
i wonder who is pulling the puppet strings. news anchors rarely come up with these questions themselves. someone with deep government connections is my guess.
provided our vehicle ai computer is able to run the model, tesla will probably have the most amount of true usable inference compute on earth. even in a robotaxi future, the cars will only be used for ~1/3 of hours/week, leaving 2/3 for distributed inference, like seti.
maybe they’re just trying to win the irony olympics 😂
if there is progress, then show some proof and provide true numbers for relative casualty rates on both sides
that would be nice
while i disagree with their actions, it was obviously *not* some violent attempt to overthrow the government!
the grok ai assistant will be provided as part of 𝕏 premium+, so i recommend signing up for that. just $16/month via web.
extremely insightful analysis
shoulder bruise special
first booster to reach 18 landings
that happened to me last week
accurate
“see similar” is a gamechanger for discovering interesting posts from accounts you’ve never seen before
yeah
nope 😂
the question that i have is why did the media lie to the public so regularly and consistently, aided and abetted by many arms of our government?
this is defense-in-depth trench warfare: whoever goes on the offensive will suffer far more deaths than the other
grok has real-time access to info via the 𝕏 platform, which is a massive advantage over other models. it’s also based &amp; loves sarcasm. i have no idea who could have guided it this way 🤷‍♂️ 🤣
to be super clear, none of my companies will ever create a crypto token
as soon as it’s out of early beta, xai’s grok system will be available to all x premium+ subscribers
ask and you shall receive
agreed
initial launch is really good
the threshold for what it will tell you, if pushed, is what is available on the internet via reasonable browser search, which is a lot …
xai’s grok system is designed to have a little humor in its responses
tesla team is awesome: take pride in working hard, build great products and are good-hearted people.
interesting
that is indeed the most fundamental question
how little we have changed lmaoooo
this robs kids of their education
accurate
at giga berlin today to congratulate the team on their excellent progress. the factory looks amazing! we are going to cover all the concrete with art.
starlink now authorized in benin!
sure, much appreciated ❤️
pretty much
🧌 who, me? i would never 😂
sounds like they’re having tough times
tomorrow, will release its first ai to a select group. in some important respects, it is the best that currently exists.
this is insane
the extent of it came as a shock to me too
these are awesome
this is hilarious coming from australia’s own state-controlled pravda 😂😂
that’s coming soon
it’s cool to see diablo posts in the community
it’s the best by far that exists in the world so far
ai can crush any “prove you’re a human test”
i know he is not popular among some of the public, but i was very impressed with rishi sunak – he is an asset to the uk
i certainly make many embarrassing mistakes, but my batting average is pretty good
yeah
you are on the side of right
explanation of
there is great wisdom in the jury system
honesty is the best policy
yeah
does feel like it got worse in recent decades. the media used to question the government more.
good chance of on onlyfans
yeah!
for every type of crime caught, there are always far more that are not
good grief
judge orders a new election in connecticut town after surveillance video showed ballot stuffing in drop boxes! that this happened here is beyond reasonable doubt. the only question is how common it is.
this is a good omen! inverse cramer never fails 😂
excited to announce that has achieved breakeven cash flow! excellent work by a great team. starlink is also now a majority of all active satellites and will have launched a a majority of all satellites cumulatively from earth by next year.
thanks tobi 😂❤️
you had me there for a second 😂
apple usually doesn’t fall very far from the tree
we do need to knock the ball out of the park several times to achieve that value, but i think we can
yeah
putting a wind generator on an electric also doesn’t work
nice 🦝
it does help
unfortunately, this analysis is accurate
exactly. it is not an exaggeration.
cool
it would be a much better name!
inevitable
yeah, not a myth
indeed
this is actually what happened
very important
optimism is better than pessimism
there is an election coming up. the people of ireland will have an opportunity to change this.
maybe it’s his meds or lack thereof
the harm of ssris outweighs the good imo
rate of innovation is the fundamental determinant of a technology company’s success
much appreciated!
our communities system supersets circles. simplification of the codebase is super important.
this has now happened several times
the irony is that if autopilot had been turned on here, it would almost certainly have saved the driver
so this is a giant self-licking ice cream cone?
paramount &amp; 🙌
forcing your pronouns on others is incredibly rude. there should be no respect for that.
yeah
civil war is brewing
freedom of speech is priceless
𝕏 is hated by censors, but loved by the public
yeah
starlink now available in georgia!
hop in boys we’re going to mars
it’s meant for making life multiplanetary
the door panels are bulletproof to almost all subsonic projectiles
competing with spacex is tough
normal car or truck door skins are made of very thin mild steel. they are there for aerodynamics and esthetics, but carry almost no load
most of earth is empty
yeah
it’s an armored personnel carrier from the future – what bladerunner would have driven
lmao
room for improvement, i suppose
today is also marvin’s birthday 🎂
yeah
bach is the best ever imo
the streets of austin are busy, but many of the office towers are empty
interesting
interesting
for many, it was a death sentence
this is insane. destroy the mind virus.
yeah
niche, but tasty!
yeah
👻🎃 happy halloween 🎃👻 [me dressed as santa age 5]
this won’t end well
yeah
joe rohan shatters an arrow on cybertruck that would easily go through a normal car
if there is news from slow media, it was probably here first
i don’t read legacy media, just 𝕏
a lot is happening behind the scenes
half-dressed as the wizard of australia
foolish muppets
people often ask me if there is water on mars
the real battle is between the extinctionists and the humanists. once you see it, you can’t unsee it.
that would be 🔥🔥
no debt is even better. if these high rates continue, even those who locked in low rates will have to refi.
having children should be incentivized, not be a financial penalty like it is in most countries! we must create the next generation of humans or spiral into oblivion.
have you tried staying up until 4am? that’s a huge unlock too 🥱 next, we will hear about the cold plunge 🥶 not for me. i will be goth to the end.
interesting
the flower of youth should not die in vain
any idea who is pushing the politicians to do this?
the bellwether has sounded
ah yes, reality can be rather be rather harsh at times
may we all have someone who looks at us the way sbf’s courtroom artist looks at him
uh oh
true
maybe
uh oh
“don’t get high on your own supply” 😂
haha awesome
giant supercomputer clusters that cost billions of dollars are the risk, not some startup in a garage
also, max altitude should be raised to ~80k ft. would solve both efficiency and heating problems.
just updating the engines would cut fuel use in half
what about an army of goats 🐐led by a beaver 🦫?
this is so silly. what is their definition of “extremist”?
indeed, the only studies of which i am aware point to *increased* mortality post-transition. if anyone is aware of a study that supports transitioning of teenagers, please reply to this thread.
sounds like bad horror movie. how can we stop this?
the venn diagram of desired outcomes has no overlap
yeah
more starlinks in orbit
powerful words coming from an authority like dr kaltiala
congratulations!!
who is pushing this madness?
how embarrassing ☺️😂
that’s a good definition
same
why are authorities in australia copying dumb things in america?
yeah, obviously a slur too
good, this nonsense is finally ending
it is the bellwether
if i were to say _________ is a hell of a drug, what’s the first word that comes to mind? 🤔
the dog ate my homework
is too! 😂
the word “cis” is a heterosexual slur. shame on anyone who uses it.
the way to beat hatred is friendship
the great wakening from woke has happened. this is good for civilization.
cool
people are waking up from woke
these interest rates are insane
it’s getting out of control
it’s not cool to discriminate against any group
great game
true
it’s great
good question
to everything and everyone, no exceptions
we must also grant law enforcement officers the respect and honor that they deserve. every profession has flawed individuals, but it was deeply wrong to condemn all police officers, after they risked their lives to keep us safe, for the sins of the few.
almost as good as you
will discuss with team. you’re right.
now there are 13 inner engines
cool
that has already begun and should be fully transparent by end of year. there are so many hidden layers to the system, some of which we are still discovering. most of the reach reduction is suboptimal code, rather than malice.
!! is this accurate ?
lmao i can’t even tell if this refers to a real company or not, but there’s probably a few that fit this narrative
worth “noting” that any attempts to weaponize to demonetize people will be immediately obvious, because all code and data is open source
the goal is to incentive truth
turn on subscriptions!
concerning, if this turns out to be the case
making a slight change to creator monetization: any posts that are corrected by become ineligible for revenue share. the idea is to maximize the incentive for accuracy over sensationalism.
whatever they say, bet the opposite
cool on the outside, but utterly mind-blowing on the inside
yeah 😔
demented, but, in many ways, eerily accurate
i would like to buy a license for my fish
the is exquisite beyond words
i love getting noted – proves that no one is free from being corrected! this is obviously a joke meme, but there is more than a grain of truth to it. we should aspire to see things from the point of view of others.
we are not so naive. per my post, no starlink terminal has attempted to connect from gaza. if one does, we will take extraordinary measures to confirm that it is used *only* for purely humanitarian reasons. moreover, we will do a security check with both the us and israeli
it’s awesome. best way on earth to figure out the truth.
definitely get it. there is also a new approach called small incision lenticule extraction (smile) worth considering.
true
he doesn’t like his lies being questioned
we will support the un and other internationally recognized aid groups
starlink will support connectivity to internationally recognized aid organizations in gaza. [comstar]
this is a weird trend. now i want a bagel. just a normal, delicious, fresh-baked bagel.
someone needs to fire that editor
indeed
the future should look like the future
no terminals from gaza have attempted to communicate with our constellation. spacex will support communication links with internationally recognized aid organizations.
yeah
a communications blackout does seem questionable
every year that passes comes with more rules. and while all humans die, laws and regulations are immortal. so each passing year, we tie ourselves down with more and more strings, until, like gulliver, we can no longer move.
must be nice
it is not clear who has authority for ground links in gaza, but do we know that no terminal has requested a connection in that area
correct
yeah
or poo, except for winnie
animals in animated movies can talk, but don’t eat each other or have sex. this is false.
here, i think you dropped this
yeah
yeah
this is amazing 🤣🤣
it is sad how much more some people care about the appearance of good, rather than the reality of it
so much ai is happening
so awesome
this will take an eternity and hurt taxpayers badly. the can solve this problem for ~1% of this cost.
so true 😂
yeah
i try
the fall of (or, depending on your perspective, great victory of) constantinople played a pivotal role in accelerating the renaissance, so there was definitely a significant silver lining
this has been tried so many times in history and always the same result
irony overload!!
“are you telling me you had the temerity to wear *those* pants!!??”
it gets better the longer you play. really takes off when they introduce the paragon boards and glyphs.
💯♥️💯 i’m in that community and using it as a test case for improving core functionality.
exactly. they’re not even *competent* thought police 😂
please also post updates to the diablo community group
maybe time’s just a construct of human perception. an illusion created by …
🤣🤣 timely
really!?
the public will vote against those who care far more about the borders of other countries than our own
europe is trending towards civil war
you have integrity
tropic thunder is so awesome
priests are being imprisoned?
💯 true
“equal” justice … yeah sure
wise words indeed
yeah
maybe not jail time, but something more serious than a small fine seems warranted
justice is served. i have a long memory.
ave centurion!
seems extremely racist of them to have that view!
seriously
you’re welcome
they absolutely want your extinction
freedom
quite a year!
interesting
it should work. what uplink bit rate do you need?
hahahaha
we have this, but it’s still clunky. all advertising revenue in replies to a post currently go to the creator.
you are about to die 🫡
good progress
will be fixed shortly
sleeper agent
future 𝕏 company talks will be live-streamed so the public can watch too
their track record is terrible
that mit article didn’t age well lmao
whoa, rolling stone is still alive!?
it works!
what a blatant racist!
unfortunately, it is true
🤣🤣 i’m willing to fight anywhere, anytime, any rules, but all i hear is crickets 🦗 from zuck 👅
austin right now i love the rain
it’s raining, it’s pouring …
it’s much worse than most people realize
safety of people should be paramount
still a beta product, but it is promising
cool
lot of fools out there
will show that we’re making rapid progress
i envy that monkey tbh
time flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana 🍌
they live a sheltered life
exactly. this is a very big deal.
shows created with the help of ai will be extremely good
interesting
posting this to my main timeline so more people see it
join us for this discussion of the state of war in the world
yeah
this book is an excellent explanation of why capitalism is not just successful, but morally right, especially chapter 4
that post generated meaningful advertising money for legacy media 🤣
this is our biggest application of ai so far. much more to come.
wikipedia is inherently hierarchical and therefore subject to the biases of higher ranking editors, independent of their merits. requires people with historically different points of view, based on how they have rated and written notes, to agree in order for
exactly
it’s a stiff &amp; firm offer!
hahahahaha
i said we would advertise. we are doing so at small scale and will do so at larger scale as we figure what works best.
“mashable” always makes me think of potatoes
starlink version 2 orbital deploy
you can empty the drum magazine of a tommy gun and still not penetrate the cybertruck
did i mention i love irony?
ah, i see they decided to imbibe a tall glass of irony …
i chose violins this morning 🎻 do you like air on a g string?
idiocracy 😑
i can’t believe they still print newspapers every day … what a chore!
yeah, it’s not cool. pushing a political agenda in the name of “guarding” the public.
in the interests of accuracy
i loved dickipedia 🪦 😢
one year minimum. i mean, i’m a not fool lol.
(please add that to the 🐄💩 on my wiki page)
i will give them a billion dollars if they change their name to dickipedia
has anyone ever been in an actual echo chamber? sounds annoying af 🤣
have you ever wondered why the wikimedia foundation wants so much money? it certainly isn’t needed to operate wikipedia. you can literally fit a copy of the entire text on your phone! so, what’s the money for? inquiring minds want to know …
indeed
that was awesome 🤣
exactly. it’s like watching sausage get made – best just to enjoy the outcome 😂.
many orgs &amp; people pay to have their wiki page say nice things about them! the reason many legacy “news” publications still exist, even though no one reads them, is simply to provide fake “verified sources” for dickipedia. you can tell i don’t do so, because my wiki page is
nice
exactly
yeah
just kidding
“meth made me a better person” said no one ever
has to be done. we are dying a slow death.
this sounds insane
or maybe just 𝕏
so much better. same for ads. we’ll be removing interaction buttons and various counts from posts in the main timeline. view count and time since posted are good enough proxies for popularity and you will still be able to see the interaction details if you tap on the post.
we emptied the entire drum magazine of a tommy gun into the driver door al capone style. no bullets penetrated into the passenger compartment.
any game that explicitly includes hegelian dialectics is special
anything relevant in legacy media is reposted here anyway, so same for me
exactly
i love that sphere tbh
𝕏 is open source news. that is the right way to think about it. excellent analysis by sinofsky.
crazy not to buy treasury bills. bank savings account interest rates are ridiculously bad by comparison and t-bills are more secure.
dunno, except that kara is taking too much for sure
midjourney is great
they’ve lost the plot
europe is headed for civil war
parody and real legacy press articles are the same picture
fitting
i bought an arsenal just before this law went into effect. required a mountain of paperwork.
go woke, go …
that would be nice
the good stuff
yeah
i find it hard to read tbh. once in a while, there is an interesting article, but that is increasingly rare.
europe is trending towards civil war
given that the border is wide open (as a matter of policy by the current administration), it is simply a matter of time before this happens, if it has not happened already
to the well-organized mind, it was inevitable
the articles printed in newspapers are quite literally yesterday’s news
i do see many of your posts
notes ftw again
i hope so
mashable is still alive? hard to tell.
two new tiers of x premium subscriptions launching soon. one is lower cost with all features, but no reduction in ads, and the other is more expensive, but has no ads.
at the risk of saying something controversial, fallout new vegas was a great game
will investigate
edgy but accurate
thank goodness
why are there no short white women on nba teams!
npc yeah you know me 😂
it is relatively compute-intensive, as it performs a semantic/vector search of the entire 𝕏 system
disband newsguard! anything with a name that sounds like it came out of an orwell novel should never be trusted.
“wokipedia”
idiocracy is coming true faster than expected
we are looong way from being a k1-level civilization
“trusted media sources” lmao
this is so messed up
he has a point
cool
yet another tedious fake news story from legacy media
exactly
what a scam! “newsguard” should be disbanded immediately.
indeed
is this true ? if so, the people of europe deserve an explanation.
this is crazy!
interesting interview of by
yet another utterly false business insider. they are not a real publication.
yeah
love this feature 😂
can’t fault someone for defending their kid, but babs literally wrote a book about how crime is not the fault of the criminal, which her son clearly internalized and landed him in this pickle!
wow, fake photo
planck-cubes are the resolution of reality
no kidding …
exactly
please fix wokipedia
“real journalists” lmaooo
that had no material impact on the election. what prison sentences were given out to those who suppressed the hunter biden laptop information? that *did* have a material impact on the election.
hope it goes well
exactly
many such protester gatherings around the world
what is your favorite ice cream shop?🍨
this is amazing 😮
great!
and our deficit grows ever larger
what’s techcrunch?
great incentive program in hungary!
sales hell too
that diet works for a lot of people. i love carbs (and dairy) and feel great, but don’t have them in large portions.
good question
if criminals know they won’t be arrested, then they may as well sell fentanyl and stolen goods openly. no reason to hide.
not good
their choice of narrative – what to focus on – is the biggest lie of all
they want to seem more active than they really are
we will have to watch this one. links to actual source data, not some bs press article, are what matter. many legacy media organizations have no business model or meaningful circulation anymore – they just exist as propaganda tools for their owners.
that is cool
exactly
wow, big increase
unfortunately, i have too many obligations
and 100 phone numbers
spacex launching falcon9
it’s the only way
correct, read for free, but $1/year to write. it’s the only way to fight bots without blocking real users. this won’t stop bots completely, but it will be 1000x harder to manipulate the platform.
they reek of desperation 😂 i’ve lost count of how many times they’ve predicted that 𝕏 would fail. still here, babe.
guess he like them apples 😂
never heard of him before, but this interview is 🔥🔥😂
good idea
great idea! 😂
this will get much better over time. we are also moving almost all actions to be temporary suspensions, with permanent bans being extremely rare.
self-awareness ftw 😂
my character is a god – i mean gif – of war
literally
true
you should join the diablo community!
i feel ya
this will be cool
yeah, it’s insane
pics or it didn’t happen 😂
i mean in the past 30 days or so (they periodically nerf strong character). and my character is a druid. it’s possible, but insanely hard. dodging so many random one shot kill wave patterns is the problem.
lmao. is there a recent video of someone beating lilith in eternal, not seasonal? can’t find it.
it’s great
interesting
well said
yeah
yeah
kinda true
would you like a free t-shirt?
uh what
💯 there shouldn’t be endowments at all, as it cuts the university’s feedback loop to reality!
yeah. ad creep is getting out of control.
what has actually happened is that you can no longer trust elite colleges and have to test people independently for engineering ability
indeed
concerning
the metaphor works
spacex is an anomaly in the matrix
can you beat hatred without a malignant heart?
i use both words a lot 😂
worth reading
all his culture books are great
can you defeat uber lilith without using malignant hearts?
yes. end-to-end fsd is the same.
one of the best games ever. i changed by profile pic to jc denton during the covid/vaccine debacle.
congratulations and thank goodness!
yeah
a link to see other posts with community notes by that handle makes sense
as tragic as the mass-shootings are, armed citizens are essential to the defense of democracy
really?
indeed 😂
i agree that the heart is inaccurate. the original star was better.
thanks for improving the accuracy of information!
it lays the groundwork for civil strife, if not war
pretty much
much of the world is headed this way
car just drove me around austin all day with no interventions required, despite acl festival crowds! in the fairly near future, people will wonder why there was ever skepticism about self-driving.
yeah!
it can float for a while
i recommend people allow their videos to be downloaded
stopping inflation requires government to stop increasing the quantity of money at a rate faster than the output of goods &amp; services
community notes ftw yet again
you’re wrong. the batting average of is so good that we actually notice when it is wrong and i have yet to see an inaccurate note survive for very long. even once. please cite the ones you think are wrong in this reply thread and we will investigate.
all human life is important
nobody should be teaching kids to hate
btw, one of the xai tests for agi is whether it can write better harry potter fan fiction than yours, which i’m told is excellent
thanks yud!
electric transportation and solar/wind electricity generation will have a tectonic effect on the geopolitical power balance
hey, i just got here 😂
hear, hear!
glad he made it!
got to modulate something lol
advertising revenue on our platform drops massively during war
accurate
falcon heavy
that implies we would be a spacefaring civilization, a major improvement over our current situation
oh the irony
yeah
nice
great idea. we will make an 𝕏 version.
loving my new t-shirt
cool
community notes ftw again
everyone is to some degree in a prison created by their own mind
book recommendations are always appreciated
this is will be cool. it is purely ai-driven.
thanks fred!
the primary goal of this hamas attack was to cause severe reprisals from israel, so that they too could show many dead civilians and rally muslims of the world to support them. they appear so far to have succeeded in that objective. although extremely difficult, given the
falcon heavy side boosters landing
falcon heavy launching for
i love !
congratulations!
congrats to &amp; teams for successfully launching the psyche probe to interplanetary transfer orbit!
ironic indeed
we are applying the un rule to world leaders: if the un recognizes someone, then we will. this is obviously not a moral verdict in any way, but simply recognizes what the international community views to be accurate. also important for minimizing impersonation risk.
yeah
yikes
they still haven’t provided any examples of disinformation
good point
exactly
they still haven’t sent us any examples 🤷‍♂️ also, pot … kettle …
they left us 😢
our lives are a flash in the pan on a galactic timescale
they say it’s all about the journey …
my grandfather also fought in ww2. for ~6 years. all his friends were killed. very severe ptsd. his father died when he was young, so he had to drop out of high school and work to support his siblings, which meant he wasn’t eligible for the officer corps. towards the end of
💯 plus 10% for ironic typo
wild times
to be fair, it was just most of the world
that’s exactly what it seems like 🤣
this is not cool. who is funding this organization that spouts so much racism and antisemitism?
incredible starlink bandwidth though, as users per unit area is almost zero
to beat hatred, transform thyself
“🎶rubber ducky, you’re the one 🎶 “ times 29,000
use thine holy hand grenade
love thy neighbor as thyself
will do
true
interesting
how many times did you die trying to beat hatred before winning?
this clip is 9 years old
it now has the totally different name of fugging 🤣🤣
i think someone should be at least gold iv to get a $1b investment kek
even hamas can’t convince people that their videos are real
starlink is rebuilding the internet in space
*fugging
seems to be a function of extended victory – when a civilization has been winning for too long, it gets complacent and entitled
yeah, happened a lot in mid to late stage rome, notably after conquering greece. no mention before, i believe.
cartwoman ftw
serious warmongering!
it is entertaining! selling the rights to this soap opera could help repay some of the victims.
it will be cool
what about asian, hispanic and white kids?
i would like to help those in gaza who want peace, but have no way to do so. in general, i want all humans to be happy and prosperous, without regard to race, creed, religion or anything else.
i hope that electricity and essential services are rapidly restored to gaza
is it possible to stop the forever war?
all tesla superchargers in israel are free
sorry, i don’t mean to say all schools or teachers have become politicized, but that is the general tendency. critical thinking – effectively, a mental firewall – should be the first thing schools teach.
while there are still some good reporters at wapo, the publication as a whole became tediously partisan
not that i doubt it, but please cite source
dig deeper – it gets worse – they are teaching kids to hate their identity
true
they’re still proud of their opinion, minus deleted post
good piece
yeah. extremists, by definition, do not represent the views of the people.
true, but it is far more widespread than most parents realize, as parents incorrectly assume schools have not been politicized
exactly
i still don’t know what they’re talking about! maybe it’s in the mail or something.
sure seems like it 😂
it is done
yeah
the left hates asians
good question
we take our actions in the open. no back room deals. please post your concerns explicitly on this platform.
they reveal themselves
i think was cya
yeah
the word “soviet” just means “committee” in russia, so the ussr was a committees of committees of committees …
the baller move would be to slow clap
mostly yeah
what a meathead
instead of knowledge, schools pour poison into the ears of our children
but what is this content they’re talking about?
i think you might be right
true
some parody writes itself
you’re not wrong
bold idea
exactly
🤣💯 𝕏 is moving to default dark background. much better for sleep and looks cooler too.
[the great] reset let the public hear exactly what this disinformation consists of and decide for themselves. many times, we have found the “official fact-checker” to be the very individual making false statements! for example, the chief fact-checker of the washington post
amazing to see this exchange!
your position is clear
sensible
some truth to that
thank you for fighting for truth
stems from self-hatred imo
if current trends continue, civil war in europe is inevitable
really?
our policy is that everything is open source and transparent, an approach that i know the eu supports. please list the violations you allude to on 𝕏, so that that the public can see them. merci beaucoup.
yes, they are crystal clear about this
discovery on this will be spicy 🌶️
wild times
par for the course for most of human existence
true, there have been several waves of settlers into the americas over roughly 15k years, each pushing out or merging with the prior one.
earth should be called water
that’s what pops in my head too
i read a translation of the quran when i was around 12. helpful to understand.
interesting
demographics is destiny
your comedy is 👩‍🍳 😘
well, when you put it that way …
yeah
if successful, 𝕏 will evolve to be the collective consciousness of humanity or, more accurately, the human-machine collective
interesting
my nephew, who went to an elite new york high school, was taught that america deserved to have the twin towers destroyed
yeah, really not obvious whether this helps d or r
this is crazy
cannibalism was standard practice for islands in the pacific especially and not considered at all wrong by those who practiced it. meat in many places was hard to come by, so …
this article is accurate
correct
starlink will be available on most aircraft soon, depending on whether the airline orders it
verifying verification
dialogue between opposing groups leads to better outcomes over time
this should help a lot with spam bots
only a matter of time
same
this is why we should not allow children going through an identity crisis to make permanent decisions that they may later regret. once they are adults, they are far better able to make decisions that they are likely to be happy with long-term.
more starlinks to orbit
most people don’t know much history. slavery was standard practice almost everywhere on earth since humans existed. only last century was it made rare.
yeah
worth going back &amp; forth between for you &amp; following tabs, so you see both your explicit follows &amp; algorithmic recommendations
yeah
let’s do it!
yeah
perhaps in the far future we can stop with the “accept my cookie” nonsense
perhaps too savage. it’s tough to read sometimes.
envy is acid on the soul
an eye for an eye leaves everyone blind
starlink now approved in zambia
this is crazy
now they’re noble, peace-loving ecologists
well said
good dialogue
it’s real if you have to pay taxes, but otherwise not real?
a common approach in war is to pretend to attack every day (especially late at night or on holidays), so that it seems normal, then actually attack. this attack seems aimed at derailing the arab-israeli peace accord with saudi arabia. if there is enough outrage among the public
accurate
but what is this “twitter” it talks about?
interesting
yeah
“martyrs” is not an objective or accurate word, nor is “murdered”. the former implies dying for a cause in battle and the latter implies a deliberate attempt to kill those specific people. while reporting both sides is fair, please use maximally accurate words or i must
same
remember to add your notable posts to your “highlights” tab. this is a good way to surface your replies that are otherwise buried deep in a conversation chain. soon, when you pin a post, it will automatically be added to your highlights as a convenience.
great idea 😂 it is interesting to see how many so-called “fact checkers” are in fact some of the biggest liars.
😂 we do need a better way to see all community notes on a particular account, as well as the percentage of views (more important than number of posts) that got noted.
efficiency of government spending is low, because the government is the ultimate corporate monopoly, and is uniquely allowed to use violence. yet, those who rightly hate corporate monopolies often wrongly think the government is a better option. there are some things the
war in israel and america has no speaker of the house all happening in a week
as always, please try stay as close to the truth as possible, even for stuff you don’t like. this platform aspires to maximize signal/noise of the human collective.
you’re welcome. as always, please stay as close to the truth as possible, even for stuff you don’t like. this platform aspires to maximize signal/noise of the human collective.
khamenei’s official position is clear that the eradication of israel is the actual goal, not just supporting palestinians. that will not happen. all that actually happens, decade after decade, is a never-ending cycle of violence and vengeance. stoking the fires of hatred isn’t
sorry to hear that
nice
good thread
exactly
i wish we did
seriously
have you heard of the mute function?
chinese automakers are the most competitive in our experience
khamenei’s official position is clear that the eradication of israel is the actual goal, not just supporting palestinians. that will not happen. all that actually happens, decade after decade, is a never-ending cycle of violence and vengeance. stoking the fires of hatred isn’t
at a music festival for peace …
must mean probable attacks from lebanon
water, as that constitutes 70% of the surface area
not obviously useful
algae tank?
true
too true
pretty much
planck street boys
naughty by nature
they are already out of room in new york, according to the mayor himself, so where will they be housed?
agreed
rolled pebble
wait, rolling 🪨 is still alive? it’s not a real publication anymore, just a source for wikipedia citations.
just did, so i guess …
content is promoted according to user interest with censorship according to local country law, but violent content should be marked as such and is not in some cases. that is being addressed.
charming
news, by definition, is new information. 𝕏 is real-time, therefore the newest.
interesting
seems that way
wrong. people can only have debates if people exist, therefore existing is paramount. everything else is icing on the cake.
penguin edition of the iliad
yeah
yeah
not once he gets his shot of ozempic
historical vengeance?
who is doing his pr? they’re crushing it.
sorry to see what’s happening in israel. i hope there can be peace one day.
he was awesome
true
true, no need for brain chips
[insert npc cartridge]
use highlights
yeah
streaming comments can be limited to only subscribers (feature is in beta here), so it is another way to build subscribers
this is insane
congrats, this is hard!
all the news that’s fit to …
the lower resolution choices are for those uploading time-sensitive video via a slow or expensive internet connection
and 4k in a month or two
i’m up for whatever entertains or informs
competition is a good thing
fitting for diablo 🕯️
the meme value was worth it 😂
as i mention in that joe rogan episode, i don’t think getting stoned is super helpful for productivity and i obviously have no idea how to smoke a joint 😂 following that episode, i had to get randomly drug-tested several times a year for almost three years for spacex to
why didn’t we think of this before!?
marques has great product reviews
nice
cool, full- length videos!
if there’s a big scandal about me, my only request is that it be called elongate
counter-suit?
when an ag so blatantly lies, it necessarily undermines faith in the legal system
stream test 3
partial donuts round down to no donut
“what would orwell say?” the t-shirt
no context humans
he goes hard
i stole the tesla product roadmap from spaceballs
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
laughing my ass off
yeah, if someone is keen to have fewer humans on earth, they should start with themselves !
almost no extinctionists think of themselves this way explicitly – usually they shrouded themselves in moral superiority – but some do, like this guy who wants to genocide humanity:
the real fight is not between right and left, but rather between humanists and extinctionists
good move
portion sizes are higher in america
indeed, this is a remarkable turn of events
my elder five kids pics on the wall
another way to think of it that our poor limbic system has to fight off the combined effort of billions of humans honing the tastiness of food for thousands of years!
out of what context!? his prior statement was clear, so most likely he was overridden by the white house. this means that the open border policy will remain in place with no change.
amazing that ozempic is actually affecting food sales! while no drug is without side effects, health problems associated with obesity almost certainly exceed the risks of glp-1 agonists.
very common experience. schools need to change.
exactly
clearly not a fan
interesting
high crime indeed
📖 “smart”
is this for real?
she’s nuttier than trail mix
sometimes they question if i should even run tesla. my response is simply which ceo on that list would you prefer?
don’t want to brag, but this platform is an ambi-turner
this platform can turn both right and left hah!
so much harder to lie on this platform with keeping people honest
some publications are like the opposite of zoolander – they can only make left turns
internal training?
probably a few other apps, but you will be able to do almost anything on this platform
that person is 🦇 💩 crazy
pretty good plan
if there’s a headline, just put in the text of the post, rather than having it repeat
that was crazy
true
pretty much
seriously
oddly enough, the verge headline got it right
it’s gonna be amazing. the amount of dirt that will come to light from certain past and present people at these agencies will blow your mind.
just a coincidence that it all happened at once …
that was next-level 😂
yeah
great!
good example of video on 𝕏
cool
silly puppets
he has to check with the boss
i estimate the probability at 100%
really aaron, really? you actually believe the media … wow. show me a screenshot of before and after and tell me which one is better. actually.
a comprehensive overhaul of these agencies is sorely needed, along with a commission to take punitive action against those individuals who have abused their regulatory power for personal and political gain. can’t wait for this to happen.
pixel perfect
the text lines were removed from all external url cards, as it was redundant and taking up too much vertical space. pixel perfect.
interesting
silly statement
exactly
we live in the most interesting of times
yeah
well, in fairness, if she has come around to doing the thing, that’s good
the sphere is great
sounds awesome
omg wow
ban word processors!😂
strange how the media used to say that building a wall is both evil and impossible, but now crickets 🦗
just gave a talk about starship for the iac
how times have changed
traffic to legacy media websites keeps declining, while x rises
this was weird
this will backfire
yeah, just wanna chill
the fbi needs a thorough reform
absolutely
inverse cramer calls it again
not good
the reason so many great engineers work with me is because i understand and appreciate their work
unreal
follow the money …
growing fast
haha true
and also very much appreciate that adl has bought advertising on 𝕏
thank you for clarifying that you support advertising on 𝕏
notes will now appear much faster
ok :) we need to fix some scaling issues and then i will test the system again.
thank you on behalf of the people of spacex for whom all credit is deserved!
more affordable version (rwd) version of model y is now available. note: it performs well on snow &amp; ice with all-season or winter tires. awd is nice to have, but not required for winter driving.
interesting
let’s not be too hard on the npcs – they just say what they’re programmed to say
let’s have a debate on the x platform. i’m happy to host.
citizen journalism is the path to better future! i strongly encourage people around the world to post news about events as they’re happening, in both text &amp; video.
i agree with supporting ukraine (and do), but american matters should obviously take priority.
what he wrote was certainly rude, but to make it a criminal offense … ?
it’s not boring though
i only have 0.4 donuts at a time, because my brain neural network quantizes it down to 0 donuts
yeah. either post or get off the pot. there is no point in having a great handle and not posting.
those who mutilate children should go to prison for life
spacex is tracking to deliver ~1600 tons of payload to orbit this year. rest of world will deliver ~400 tons, most of which is by china.
fools with bad judgment will always be fools with bad judgment in my experience
there are periodically quirks with the algorithm. will investigate. this seems odd.
and, once again, corrects their tedious misinformation
and they wonder why no one takes them seriously …
absolutely
interesting
prison for peskin
yeah, a lot, especially in choice of narrative! on 𝕏, lies are exposed by &amp; user comments. liars will really hate this platform.
so soft
true
i almost never read legacy news anymore. what’s the point of reading 1000 words about something that was already posted on 𝕏 several days ago?
aspiring to be less wrong is the way
super easy to do live video – just tap the camera icon when you post on 𝕏
thank goodness for modern medical technology
great question!
yeah
what would i know about technology?
interesting. our algorithm tries to optimize time spent on x, so links don’t get as much attention, because there is less time spent if people click away. best thing is to post content in long form on this platform.
it’s amazing how many software engineers were infected by the covid mind virus – they should be smarter than that. that said, synthetic mrna has great potential outside of pointless vaccines.
it’s complicated
ice cream yum so good
true
the bureau of land management?
will read it next time i’m in a dilemma
new tesla safety feature uploaded via over the air software update. your car just got better while you slept.
believe what you see, not what you’re told
there are lies, there are damn lies and then there are statistics. believe what you see, not what people tell you.
dean preston should be in prison for what he’s done to san francisco
will find out
i was using our web interface on pc last night for the first time in a while. it’s not good. phone interface is far better.
what!?
stealing beloved pets is evil
help from gamers or anyone using obs is much appreciated to test &amp; improve the system. note, doing one-touch live video broadcast directly from your phone already works fairly well. just tap the camera icon when posting to x.
absolutely … seriously evil
were her lawyers aware that she withheld evidence?
your predictions have been very accurate
exactly
nice
ice cream so good 😋
the broadcast upped sound frequency by 4 khz 😂 but easy to fix.
absolutely
haha something to be fixed 🐿️
it’s obv fine if someone is bronze as a casual player, but he played a *lot* 😂
i have rarely seen evil in as pure a form as yoel roth and kara swisher’s heart is filled with seething hate. i regard their dislike of me as a compliment.
exactly. do people agree with the views of the oil companies from which they buy gasoline? i doubt it.
true
i reported to bruce leak, who, many years later, was one of the first to buy a tesla
as a summer intern many years ago, i wrote software for video games at a company called rocket science. this was long before spacex was even conceived. didn’t realize until a friend gave me a copy today that they included me in the credits 🥰
craziest thing i’ve ever seen
worth listening. these are important issues.
this exchange is amazing
sigh
this was right outside the x hq building on market st!! we need to put homicidal maniacs in prison. this should not need to be said. end of story.
will investigate
you should turn on game audio and comments
cool
60 mins of bs
i agree with him 💯😂
as the mayor said, new york is running out of hotel rooms, so what’s next?
this will not end well
gibney is a douche
unsustainable
so craven of 60 mins. “filling an sbf-size hole in defrauding people” more like it.
yeah
does she really live in maryland? i didn’t realize you could be senator of a state but reside in another state.
these days, anyone who doesn’t unquestionably accept every aspect of the left agenda (formerly know as being moderate), is “far right” 😂
refer them to their arch-rival, “media doesn’t matter”
yeah, it’s super weird. 60 mins got noted 😂
tested the 𝕏 video game streamer system last night. it works! will try to complete a tier 100 nightmare dungeon tonight live on this platform.
what didn’t they think of this sooner!?
yeah
am in the diablo pvp arena for ~10 mins if anyone wants to kill me lol
testing game streaming
“how preposterous, it will never work!”
napoleon wasn’t actually short, but nelson (best admiral ever) was. impressively powerful british propaganda from back in the day.
notes ftw
if we lose freedom of speech, it’s never coming back
they had to let that sink in. impossible not to.
unlike the united states, canada has no first amendment protecting free speech. thank goodness we do.
trust no one, not even no one
what’s your fav tea?
you’re right obv
i choose not to believe that 2003 was 20 years ago
interesting perspective
precisely
whoever controls his teleprompter is the real president
seriously
they did literally ask for it
yikes
the mind virus is still strong in sf, but it grows weaker by the day
posting questions on social media is not yet a crime. oh wait, it is …
also he wouldn’t tell me if he likes bbc. i mean, he works there, so …
exactly
good points. will add them to the list. the codebase cleanup required is insane. ultimately, we just need a whole new stack.
interesting
lmaooo
great question
🤣🤣 absolutely
yes, 3 to 6 months
lights would turn off automatically when no motion is detected
thus *reducing* existing road traffic
another great thing about many layers of interconnected tunnels with ramps &amp; elevators is that they can go from near your home all way to popping up at destination parking lot
opposite is true: you can have 100’s of layers of tunnels, but only one layer on surface (to first approximation), therefore trains should be on surface, cars below
yes, but you get to your destination so quickly &amp; directly that it doesn’t matter
paperwork &amp; hundreds of approving authorities is by far the hardest part
la has a subway, but most people don’t know about it
that would great!
yes. no one will forced to take the tunnel. it’s optional!
boring company guide to why tunnels are awesome &amp; safest place to be in an earthquake
so far, so good
ironically, same publications will attack me for compensation tied to tesla tripling in value and imply tesla is worthless. they can’t *both* be true!
gary the 🐌 still crushes us! wouldn’t be fair. but tbc might give him a run for his money next year.
fundamental advantage of layers of tunnels is you can have as many lanes as you want going in any direction. will feel like folding space from one part of a city to another.
this is simple and just works
pretty much
racing at 127mph in a tunnel under la
fairing halves recovered
krypton ion thrusters activate in about 3 hours to raise orbit
all 60 starlink satellites online, solar array deployment coming up soon
thanks! yeah, that’s pretty close.
launch in 3 mins
new s &amp; x are much improved. worth trying out. you’re on version 2, current s/x is version 4.
it’s smart *and* enhanced!
smart summon coming soon!
tower with knight is across road from spacex, looking at rocket
part of the factory is being upgraded, but tours will continue around the parts that aren’t
yes, will be used for rear cargo storage. also helps manage center of mass for heavy payloads when forward cargo is full.
outer engines are attached to the edge of the airframe to give the center engines room to move
turbines on hot side (outer fan-looking things in this depiction), but this is just to illustrate the type of engine. our turbopumps are vertical, have 3 fan-looking things on pump side &amp; complex cross-flow. liquid oxygen turbopump is integrated with main combustion chamber.
horizontally
first flights would have fewer, so as to risk less loss of hardware. probably around 20.
so it goes
3 months
hopefully, 4 months
vacuum nozzle engines are only used in (near) vacuum conditions. sea level engines need to gimbal rapidly &amp; at high angle for landing. larger nozzle leaves less room to move &amp; increases moment of inertia.
yeah. outer engines with much larger nozzles are fixed to airframe, inner engines have high gimbal range ~15 degrees
sure
two tunnels about a mile long each
makes no sense. in order to grow the colony, you’d have to transport vast amounts of mass from planets/moons/asteroids. would be like trying to build the usa in the middle of the atlantic ocean!
aiming for 150 tons useful load in fully reusable configuration, but should be at least 100 tons, allowing for mass growth
n2 for vacuum. aero surfaces &amp; high gimbal angle main engines for atmosphere.
hoping for 380 sec isp, but at least 370. otherwise similar to sea level version.
aspirationally
3 sea level optimized raptors, 3 vacuum optimized raptors (big nozzle)
after the got finale, we dropped it to 6
mk1 &amp; mk2 ships at boca &amp; cape will fly with at least 3 engines, maybe all 6
about to complete sn5, ramping to an engine every 3 days this summer
boring company starts digging vegas tunnel in 2 months. aiming to finish by end of year.
the turbine also spins though. partially combusted gas drives the turbine wheel, which is attached to a shaft that turns the inducer &amp; impellers.
but, essentially, the spinning things
turbopump propellant flow path to achieve high chamber pressure is quite tricky. requires an inducer &amp; 2 impellers with ~100,000 shaft horsepower.
did it for the memes
coming soon
yeah, been thinking about it for a long time. electric supersonic vtol. hard problem.
hopefully in about 10 days
physics favors full flow
good design imo
thanks sam!
good piece on lower total cost of ownership of electric vehicles
sorry to hear that. will fix.
easy to turn one of our starlink satellites into a debris collector
almost ready. i’m testing it personally this weekend.
also porting unreal engine
nintendo won’t let us
maybe so eventually, but it will be information &amp; entertainment, not trickery
tesla does not advertise or pay for endorsements. instead, we use that money to make the product great.
we def need racing game using actual car steering wheel &amp; pedals!
of course
portal 1 &amp; 2 on this would rock
would be great to have &amp; !
interact with games via touchscreen, steering wheel buttons &amp; xbox/ps controllers
lots more games coming once we finish porting unity!
top secret
it technically could, but wouldn’t have enough mass margin for a heat shield, landing propellant or legs, so not reusable
no worse than production of a gasoline car, provided the lithium-ion battery cathode is primarily nickel vs cobalt. nickel is the main alloying ingredient in stainless steel, which is what knives &amp; forks are made of.
because a tesla produces no emissions &amp; filters most toxins, pollen, spores &amp; viruses, it actually cleans up surrounding air as it travels
sure is. i live here. air quality is especially bad near highways.
this is why we put extra filters in all tesla cars. s &amp; x even have hospital operating room grade hepa filters.
yeah, feels like something is messed up with apple news app. almost only ever shows negative news. nickname is “the hate stream” 🤣
congrats on many successful launches!
and i am forever grateful
physics demands the impedance of resistance, because it’s not real
what makes resistance complex is that it’s half imaginary!
glad it worked out
congratulations &amp; on creating great open source literacy software!
6 more launches of 60 🛰 for initial activation, 12 for significant coverage
starlink mission will be heaviest payload ever at 18.5 tons. if all goes well, each launch of 60 satellites will generate more power than space station &amp; deliver 1 terabit of bandwidth to earth.
that’s about right
probably start installing end of next month
sn4 is done. hawthorne is working on sn5 now, but focus is ramping build rate of sn6 through sn10.
the opposite. any insights gained by one team must be shared with the other, but other team not required to use them.
both sites will make many starships. this is a competition to see which location is most effective. answer might be both.
spacex is doing simultaneous competing builds of starship in boca chica texas &amp; cape canaveral florida
a lot, but you can’t count on lines
exactly
it’s a factor
got season finale leaked
technically, his bro
happy mother’s day. i love you mom!
completely agree. every tesla should have good art &amp; music creation software.
it is flat-packed. no dispenser.
that *might* not be my lucky 🍀 number
more details on day of launch, currently tracking to wednesday
much will likely go wrong on 1st mission. also, 6 more launches of 60 sats needed for minor coverage, 12 for moderate.
these are production design, unlike our earlier tintin demo sats
if static fire 👍 on mon, 🚀 on tues
first 60 starlink satellites loaded into falcon fairing. tight fit.
yes, they are! 🤣
will try it
we have 2 dogs &amp; 1 cat. dogs jump in car no problem. cat does not. experiment concluded.
cats, probably not tbh
truth
how about “future is driving you”, followed by the word “future” several times in decreasing font size?
by spiderwee on artstation
how about being able to look through any of the cameras?
sure
that’s how i feel when i see dabbing
. drives a tesla across the loneliest road in america
probably june 20
oh stop teasing, jeff 😉
but putting the word “blue” on a ball is questionable branding
we could have gamed an la/ny autopilot journey last year, but when we do it this year, everyone with tesla full self-driving will be able to do it too
that journey will have a diff age rating
latest model s is slightly faster
shoulda seen it coming …
turns out there’s more ways to use autopilot than we imagined
soon
baby thanos?
time
yeah, takes you to a big purple guy with a bejeweled gold glove
i was just there about a month ago
probably shouldn’t have called holding company cyberdyne systems 😔
just behind the glovebox, which is, presumably, where the gloves are
he’s just kidding, folks, but best to turn car off just in case. also 2001 was 18 years ago.
mein herz brennt is👌boss fight song
even though lease cost is lower, i recommend purchase, as buyer retains upside value of car vs lease where you have give it back to tesla
model 3 standard range+ with autopilot lease is $399/month at but lots of other evs available:
we’re closing the loop on autobahn driving. will improve dramatically in coming months. ultra gemütlich.
oh. they have nice pictures there.
there are people not on twitter!? where are they?
does look like fun
weird that people still buy gas cars when so many good electric options (beyond tesla) are available
🇫🇮🖤 finnish metal rocks 🖤🇫🇮
one of the biggest reusability improvements was fast leg stow. version 1 sometimes took days.
in recent years, hours were much higher. don’t recommend though — bad for health &amp; happiness. but no choice or tesla would die. hope to reduce to 80 hours next year.
been wanting to go ever since that finnish metal band won
my security car is called baby smurf
also, blood, gandalf the grey &amp; superdraco
click checkbox under “advanced settings”
new setting to receive tesla software updates immediately
effectively throttles via tight impulse width control &amp; hundreds of small firings
dragon approaching space station
not to be taken literally, of course. he means any maker of dairy products.
wow, how did they take this video!?
looks about 18 light-minutes away
relatively speaking
space is easy, orbit is hard
spacex needs to demonstrate more progress with starship, but that will hopefully happen rapidly
. support for reusability with high reliability, the critical breakthrough for orbital rockets, has made a big difference
will consider
to air is human 💨
sorry for the inconvenience. we’re aware of this glitch &amp; it’s fixed, but software updates wait for a wifi connection. policy has been changed to push updates like this over cell connection sooner.
close
just kidding (obv), but the fermi paradox is bizarre
maybe they’re among us. just saying maybe …
yeah definitely
triggered
candy is coming 🍭
that’s a direct quote from warren buffett
also 1000 times more fun!
later this month. we need to merge a lot of updates into main code branch.
order online in 2 mins, 7 day return policy
margaritaville is one of my fav songs
true
you’re welcome. thanks for buying a tesla!
only if unable to order by may 10
here you go
maybe this goat is available
changing tesla horn sound to 🐐
sigh
yeah, weird
good question
it’s good to switch back &amp; forth. as we improve twitter ai, recommended tweets, lists &amp; topics will become awesome.
long-term fundamentals are extremely strong. short-term market madness is unpredictable.
sorry, this incorrect tagging should be fixed within a month or two
ai safety is a real concern!
been there
“you’re not an npc”
twitter gives you immediate news from the actual sources themselves vs filtered, hidden-agenda “news” that is days old
i would’ve expected more center
notable corrections deserve credit!
sooner
yeah, icon placement &amp; visual cues are not great
the sheer amount of brand awareness achieved by greta within a few years is astounding. i think she’s cool tbh.
lists too
new twitter navigation coming in jan that allows swiping to side to switch between recommended &amp; followed tweets, trends, topics, etc. until then, tap stars icon on upper right of home screen to switch.
better hustle with the mars rockets!
the woke mind virus is penetrating the firewalls of some of the world’s smartest meat computers at a prodigious rate!
pretty much
their fiction isn’t even good!
that would be ironic, since i am literally the single biggest supporter of ukraine outside of major governments. the peace plan i proposed was for the benefit of ukraine. this will become utterly obvious, if it isn’t already.
byotp! lol, it was true for half a day.
do they give reasons?
not enough
my reason for declining the davos invitation was not because i thought they were engaged in diabolical scheming, but because it sounded boring af lol
it’s not some illuminati plot to destroy humanity, but rather an extension of the well-meaning environmental sustainability movement that has gone too far
i don’t think we should divide issues semi-randomly into “left” and “right” tribes, as it inhibits critical thinking. the idea that there are too many people generally stems from the axiomatic flaw that earth’s environment can’t sustain its current population.
this is neither a “right” nor a “left” issue. run antivirus software in your brain.
use if need be
i will inquire. we really need to roll out the feature showing why an account was suspended or visibility filtered (aka ghostbanned). will happen in jan.
it is a very common sentiment, mostly implicit, sometimes explicit
is this a scam?
maybe he just loves looking at science?
creepy
carbs rock
will do
interesting thread
cocaine does not meet that test
to assess if a drug is good, whether legal or illegal, the acid test is being able to say: [blank] made me a better person.
exactly
i am not endorsing drugs, but i am saying that the evidence suggests that banning them is a net societal negative
banning alcohol caused the biggest rise in organized crime in american history. that was dumb. same logic applies to other drugs. alcohol is just a legacy drug.
launch 61 of 2022. congrats spacex!
originally, superman iii
agreed, reduced competition is not good for the people
new twitter will strive to optimize unregretted user-minutes
being pro humanity is speciesist!
sensible thread!
phew
can’t tell if satire or real
significant backend server architecture changes rolled out. twitter should feel faster.
works for me
thanks optimus 🤖 ♥️
accurate lol
whoa
anyone who says that questioning them is questioning science itself cannot be regarded as a scientist
new twitter policy is to follow the science, which necessarily includes reasoned questioning of the science
synthetic mrna has incredible potential!
they did it!
i’m not cis, you are
the ais will write each other lots of emails!
yeah, i’m not a fan of pronouns when someone is giving every possible visual cue for he or she, but then still insists on telling you exactly what you expect. i do support pronouns that aren’t completely obvious based on visual cues.
“gain-of-function” should be called “bioweapon” research, as the function referred is death! what was the name changed to this time?
congratulations spacex falcon team on 60 successful launches this year!!
free phones to report themselves and they never even call to say hi 😢
agreed
really?
and you have tiny testicles!
i invite to correct or amend this thread
exactly. why would anyone trust corpo journalism?
the legacy media should worry about its reputation. we have only just begun.
concerning
really?
omg lol
i’m not brainwashed!!
no matter how smart someone is, they are always some % wrong
despite these glaring issues, twitter nonetheless had an internal slack channel unironically called “fauci fan club” 🤯
“gain-of-function” in this context is just another way of saying “bioweapon”. some good nuggets in article. important to note that fauci authored 2012 paper arguing for gain-of-function research! obama wisely put this on pause, but fauci restarted it.
almost no one seems to realize that the head of bioethics at nih – the person who is supposed to make sure that fauci behaves ethically – is his wife 🧐
interesting
even solar plus batteries on a small section of spain would solve eu energy needs
such an obvious move!
yikes!
i’m open to the idea
free jewelry woohoo 🤣🤣
how did this shift happen? feels like the conventional media used to be more balanced.
twitter can change that
yeah, legacy media just tell you what you already learned on twitter several days earlier. much of the time, they are literally writing stories based on tweets!
exactly
why is corporate journalism rushing to defend the state instead of the people?
“don’t be the clown on the clown car!” too late haha
oh man haha
hope your situation gets better soon
exactly!
🤣🤣 people on twitter should like things more!
most people don’t appreciate the significance of the point matt was making: *every* social media company is engaged in heavy censorship, with significant involvement of and, at times, explicit direction of the government. google frequently makes links disappear, for example.
yeah
exactly
some nights …
may it always be so. it is the most treasured item on my bedside table.
they never had my name either
wise words
those are definitely the most absurd predictions i’ve ever heard, while also showing astonishing lack of awareness of the progress of artificial intelligence and sustainable energy.
haha 💯
lol in one year
epic thread!!
ted is linking to misleading data
approaching 100 starlinks active in iran
i couldn’t agree more!
exactly
(many of whom were, of course, actively suppressed on twitter)
much more to the twitter files: covid editon than this introductory thread. follow-up piece to come next week, featuring leading doctors &amp; researchers from harvard, stanford &amp; other institutions.
highly recommended
mind virus got you &amp; you don’t realize it
luck is the greatest superpower
potentially major problem
great work by falcon team!
merry christmas &amp; good cheer to all!
twitter isn’t secure yet, just not in the fast lane to bankruptcy. still much work to do.
civilization has been around for the blink of an eye so far
there is great danger in training an ai to lie
from scientific american!?
false, it is still there
we should think of various explanations for any given event in terms of probabilities, not certainties. those who don’t allow any questioning of the narrative at all are full of 💩.
we’ll tidy up the esthetics &amp; add a setting to turn it off, but i think almost everyone will grow to like it
precisely.
1. the message is actually still up. this is fake news. 2. twitter doesn’t prevent suicide.
even after i disconnected one of the more sensitive server racks
and yet work it does
… is what it feels like understanding how twitter works
no special treatment for corpo journalists anymore
fractal of rube goldberg machines …
i was invited to wef, but declined
damn
true, “progressive” professors are the root of this evil
almost no one understands
you can also now play all steam games on the latest model s/x cars
that and several major ui improvements coming in jan
to be clear, i am overall very much pro fbi. the agency does a great deal of important work protecting the public. that said, no organization is perfect and part of the fbi obviously overreached with respect to online censorship.
and engineering
st peter’s is an incredible work of art
twitter votes for the right haha
you got it!
person liking it decides
rules now apply equally
dan is basically an unpaid intern on our qa team lol
couldn’t agree more!
interesting. allowing a user to make any given like public or private is coming.
views shows how alive twitter is! and hopefully encourages people to tweet more often, rather than operate in read-only mode.
good point
agreed
do you prefer your nightmare rectangle with 1cm or 2cm radius corners?
curses!
great idea
so you’re saying you prefer the right? heheh
spaces should automatically ask the host if they’d like to save it
instagram is an underpaid, online modeling agency
there definitely need to be more reactions
likes should be private by default
tweet impression count should
ny times is simply outputting short summaries of articles, which then hit a paywall for non-subscribers. they would have far more views if they interacted with readers on twitter and allowed at least the first few paragraphs to be read by non-subscribers.
which accounts?
yeah
good point
tweets are read ~100 times more than they are liked
will do it
great!
looking into it. that tweet doesn’t violate tos.
congratulations tesla team!!
meant to say impressions
everyone, just like video view count
yeah, it’s ridiculous
it’s not out of the question
but shouldn’t there be some funding in this bill to secure us borders, given that we are spending tens of billions to secure the borders of other countries?
exactly
we shall see …
is this true, and ?
twitter is rolling out view count, so you can see how many times a tweet has been seen! this is normal for video. shows how much more alive twitter is than it may seem, as over 90% of twitter users read, but don’t tweet, reply or like, as those are public actions.
what utter insanity that tens of billions are being spent for border security of other countries, but none for ours!!
at the risk of being repetitive, these fed rate increases might go down in history as most damaging ever
he’s great
should we keep it going?
one of many product improvements coming to financial twitter! nice work by twitter team.
. &amp; , the public has spoken. they are overwhelmingly against this giant spending bill.
i sure hope so!
this philosophy is the death of humanity
sustainable cars powered by sustainable energy
concerning …
worth reading
no oversight!? that sounds as fishy as the random $60m allocation in this bill for salmon.
hope all goes well
a masterpiece from the future
we were on a hotz streak! 🥁
maybe so, in which case … buying opportunity! i keep saying that fed rate is insane, because data i’m seeing says we’re already in deflation. if true, then real rate of return of t-bills is roughly that of s&amp;p500. very smart investor i spoke to today said he’s shorting s&amp;p…
saturn v was an incredible machine
the kids i talked to just had one request, which was to hug this guy who keeps trying to hug me in sf. i checked to see if they were sure about that and they were, so i will.
a nice trick question is what color is the sun? it appears white in space, but, as measured by peak photon count, it is green.
they saw this coming in the 70’s!
good thread
for a moment there, i almost considered not giving him 5 stars!
i’m in favor of a small spending bill to keep things running, but common sense suggests that it be the least amount required through the holidays. railroading through a giant spending bill that almost no one has read is unlikely to be in the best interests of the people.
sorry to hear this. it is a sobering reminder of the difficulty of orbital space flight.
there are no angels in war
shawshank redemption 👀
very informative thread
i will resign as ceo as soon as i find someone foolish enough to take the job! after that, i will just run the software &amp; servers teams.
great!
whether for or against, please let your elected representatives know what you think about this $1.7 trillion spending bill that they’re trying to pass!
and at least one plankton
the salmon lobby!
accurate assessment!
funds for borders of other countries, but not ours? is that for real?
does seem high
caring more about words than actions does not bode well for civilization
looking into it
good question …
even the bots agree 🤣🤣
surprisingly close
satire and reality have merged!
timing is everything
guaranteed, not one person voting for it has read the whole thing. if we added that basic requirement, legislation would improve dramatically in favor of the people.
haha 💯
should congress approve the $1.7 trillion omnibus spending bill?
couldn’t agree more! we’re making this change soon. main timeline should allow for an easy sideways swipe between top, latest, trending and topics that you follow. twitter search nav already sorta does this after you search.
in simple terms: as bank savings account interest rates, which are guaranteed, start to approach stock market returns, which are *not* guaranteed, people will increasingly move their money out of stocks into cash, thus causing stocks to drop.
go back and read your old securities analysis 101 textbook
interesting
tweets that are interesting or entertaining get traction. that’s why writers tend to do well on twitter.
yikes!
please tell us your great ideas, ross …
this has gone too far, to say the least! , what is your explanation for this madness?
absolutely
why has the mainstream media refused to report on this?
interesting. suggest that maybe we might still have an itsy bitsy bot problem on twitter …
newspapers just search the internet and print it out – sjm
as (outgoing) chair of house intelligence, did you approve hidden state censorship in direct violation of the constitution of the united states ?
if you know the solution is a whole number, doing mental cube approximations &amp; guessing works great
hear, hear!!
your tax dollars at work …
absolutely
government paid twitter millions of dollars to censor info from the public
other social media companies too, not just twitter
how do you calculate 90%?
true
the united states has definitely been harmed by having her as a senator lol
how did it come to be this way?
extremely problematic
so many publications just sound like wokegpt these days
why is this never in the news?
interesting
stanford disapproves of saying you’re proud to be an american? whoa.
wow, worse than ‘99 …
stats on twitter world cup
good point. twitter will make that change.
interesting
why do so few report about millions of people crossing the border?
those who want power are the ones who least deserve it
yikes!
really?
elvis is in the building
no one wants the job who can actually keep twitter alive. there is no successor.
true
you must like pain a lot. one catch: you have to invest your life savings in twitter and it has been in the fast lane to bankruptcy since may. still want the job?
as the saying goes, be careful what you wish, as you might get it
the question is not finding a ceo, the question is finding a ceo who can keep twitter alive
should i step down as head of twitter? i will abide by the results of this poll.
going forward, there will be a vote for major policy changes. my apologies. won’t happen again.
paul’s account will be restored shortly
policy will be adjusted to suspending accounts only when that account’s *primary* purpose is promotion of competitors, which essentially falls under the no spam rule
ok, that seems reasonable
what do you think should be the policy?
precisely
casually sharing occasional links is fine, but no more relentless advertising of competitors for free, which is absurd in the extreme
exactly. twitter should be easy to use, but no more relentless free advertising of competitors. no traditional publisher allows this and neither will twitter.
exactly
duel in the desert. couldn’t ask for a better game. incredible play by 🇦🇷 &amp; 🇫🇷 !!!!
i agree!
24,400 tweets per second for france’s goal, highest ever for world cup!
well done france! 🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷 evenly-matched game!!
super exciting world cup! 🇦🇷 ahead 2-0 at halftime. can 🇫🇷 come back?
great goal by argentina! 🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷
at world cup right now
follow the world cup on twitter!
temp suspension due to prior doxxing action by this account. will be lifted shortly.
agreed, a high priority software update for twitter is showing the reason for account suspension or deboosting. rules should be equally &amp; consistently applied.
maybe it’s a coincidence 🤷‍♂️
the tide is turning fast for the faucists
because they’re in on it
a real concern!
it’s fine
will investigate
they abandon even the pretense of noble principles in their zeal to keep their monopoly on information seen by the public
there will be multiple algorithms, including no algorithm (ie just tweets from those you follow in chronological order)
and miss both times
true creation eventually becomes independent of its creator. evolution takes the original product far from its origin, with an uncertain outcome. – dune, the machine crusade
🧐 much will come to light as fauci loses power.
the journalists were aware of the violent stalker and yet still doxxed the real-time location of my family. turns out that’s a criminal offense …
absolutely. free speech is the bedrock of democracy.
congressman lieu, were you aware of this program and did you approve it? simple questions require simple answers.
good questions
much has happened since then haha
much closer than they realize
monarch using magic 8 ball
wow, they were truly coddled
especially the last one
not all journalists are that bad, but far too many are
it worked like a charm lol
this is messed up
they think they’re better than everyone else
congrats to spacex team on 3 perfect orbital launches within 36 hours!!!
live launch video
exactly
in addition, twitter will make it easier to see tweets from just those you follow, as well as other tweet curations
wikipedia is overly controlled by mainstream media
if a group of accounts engages in “brigading”, the entire group of accounts will get a credibility score of zero, so their actions will be ineffective
if an account engages in large-scale blocking, the value of a block signal from that account will trend to zero
a two day suspension of maybe 7 accounts for doxxing got an actual wikipedia page!? wikipedia is controlled by the msm journalists. can’t trust that site anymore.
to be clear, all user actions will factor into a nn model for a tweet and the account tweeting, including positive actions. as user accounts develop credibility, their actions will have greater weight, similar to how works.
haha
correct
exactly
true
changing name or profile pic causes checkmark to disappear until account is reviewed by twitter support team for impersonation
olbermann tweeting from his dog’s account still makes me lmao
quite frankly, a few days away from twitter is good for their mental health
it’s a rental
i don’t have a home
interesting. this seems to have happened in every country.
such a tangled web
strange priorities …
securities analysis 101 as the “risk-free” real rate of return from treasury bills approaches the much riskier rate of return from stocks, the value of stocks drop. for example, if t-bills and stocks both had a 10% rate of return, everyone would just buy the former.
exactly
twitter will start incorporating mute &amp; block signals from blue verified (not legacy blue) as downvotes
the people have spoken. accounts who doxxed my location will have their suspension lifted now.
indeed, there is no other reason
umm … yeah
ultima v for me
such shameful behavior will not be tolerated going forward
too many people have lost faith in the future. a new philosophy is needed.
second launch today
spaces is back
markoff is lying
weird, markoff blocked me
i literally just finished my meeting going over giga texas production progress
freedom fridays!!
bug fix is almost done. spaces probably back by tonight.
keith has never been more entertaining 🤣🤣
tesla is executing better than ever! we don’t control the federal reserve. that is the real problem here.
kaboom 💥💥💥💥💥
let’s do one next week and maybe throw in a live spaces discussion
it isn’t
awesome 😎
so inspiring to see the newfound love of freedom of speech by the press 🥰
meanwhile, twitter usage (by real humans) once again reaches all-time highs
rather than rigorously pursuing truth, you are virtue-signaling to show that you are “good” in the eyes of media elite to keep one foot in both worlds
great questions
the danger of training ai to be woke – in other words, lie – is deadly
bari, this is a real question, not rhetorical. what is your opinion?
good prediction
twitter is not the real world
that’s what they are saying
exactly. same rules for all.
potentially, the biggest financial crisis ever
things are rather intense right now, but maybe closer to christmas
correct
what should the consequence of doxxing someone’s real-time, exact location be? assume your child is at that location, as mine was.
one day of twitter suspension ≠ death
twitter right now is 🔥🔥🔥🔥
my plane is actually not trackable without using non-public data
no you
if they’re naughty, they get suspended
we’re fixing a legacy bug. should be working tomorrow.
twitter too, no doubt
that’s the goal!
next week
so they’re saying it’s really bad to suspend people from twitter 🤔
woohoo 🔥🔥🔥
community notes expands!
agreed
absolutely
you first lol
seems fine to me
exactly
unsuspend accounts who doxxed my exact location in real-time
sorry, too many options. will redo poll.
if anyone posted real-time locations &amp; addresses of nyt reporters, fbi would be investigating, there’d be hearings on capitol hill &amp; biden would give speeches about end of democracy!
unsuspend accounts who doxxed my exact location in real-time
words to live by
yeah, we will add that feature. current system isn’t clear. a time delay on reporting location that doesn’t put people at serious risk of being killed is fine.
accounts engaged in doxxing receive a temporary 7 day suspension
7 day suspension for doxxing. some time away from twitter is good for the soul …
they posted my exact real-time location, basically assassination coordinates, in (obvious) direct violation of twitter terms of service
i love barbara streisand lol
criticizing me all day long is totally fine, but doxxing my real-time location and endangering my family is not
same doxxing rules apply to “journalists” as to everyone else
yup, recent events make that super clear!
so few understand this
twitter obviously must be fair to all, so will aim to stop violent extremism being promoted by any group
suggestions are welcome
yeah
anyone recognize this person or car?
last night, car carrying lil x in la was followed by crazy stalker (thinking it was me), who later blocked car from moving &amp; climbed onto hood. legal action is being taken against sweeney &amp; organizations who supported harm to my family.
any account doxxing real-time location info of anyone will be suspended, as it is a physical safety violation. this includes posting links to sites with real-time location info. posting locations someone traveled to on a slightly delayed basis isn’t a safety problem, so is ok.
real-time posting of someone else’s location violates doxxing policy, but delayed posting of locations are ok
up to 7 days for human review
advertising revenue next year will be low industry-wide
he would be welcome
sorry!
live &amp; learn …
extremely concerning …
sounds like an attempt to muzzle the voice of the people of canada
twitter may have people on the brazil team that are strongly politically biased
agreed, i thought the same!
looking into this
highly recommended reading
wise words from president obama
oh man that would be an epic troll!!
they just kept calling different viruses c19, because that got more funding than if not. that’s why i called it the “virus of theseus”: how many rna changes are required before it’s *not* c19!?
think long-term &amp; avoid leverage
literally
none yet, but i did play some cyberpunk and it works great. syncs with your steam profile, so you can pick up where you left off at home.
even works with keyboard &amp; mouse
you can play cyberpunk, elden ring and 1000s of other games in your *car* with an epic sound system!!
yeah!
accurate
but hates hypocrisy
just when you think it can’t get crazier, it does
really?
basically, a twitter documentary
biggest crime of all
at risk of stating obvious, beware of debt in turbulent macroeconomic conditions, especially when fed keeps raising rates
unregretted user-minutes is the metric that matters most
main reason is that the starlink value proposition is “better internet for less money” for most people in low population density areas, which is compelling no matter how the economy is doing
good question
true
to be clear, i am generally pro-fbi, recognizing, of course, that no organization is perfect, including fbi
good thread
yeah, they do
it’s gonna be great
don’t want to jinx it, but spacex is positioned to grow strongly, no matter what macroeconomic conditions are like
tesla will be great long-term, but doesn’t control macroeconomic tides
haha
social media in general, especially twitter, were eroding civilization. if civilization collapses before mars becomes self-sustaining, then nothing else matters. human consciousness is gone.
paypal has become a black mirror episode
yeah
the best!
unfortunately, they will get bored of complaining to each other there &amp; return to complaining here
the ratio of digital to biological compute is growing exponentially
same
bunny emojis are hate speech!!
this tutorial video explains the backstory
lmaooo
same 💕
i think about this every time i take dayquil or nyquil
follow 🐰
exactly
first one was fine, but the booster knocked me flat for days. way worse than when i got original c19 and was unvaccinated.
basic blue will have half the number of ads. we will offer a higher tier with no ads next year.
accurate
haha totally. high quality bots are fine!
exactly
indeed
the wording is mine lol
in a few months, we will remove all legacy blue checks. the way in which they were given out was corrupt and nonsensical.
seriously, they could just write one article and share it, since they all write exactly the same thing!
true
terrible
prior twitter management &amp; board lied to make their user numbers seem artificially higher, so turned a blind eye to fake/spam accounts
under pressure from hundreds of activist employees, twitter deplatforms trump, a sitting us president, even though they themselves acknowledge that he didn’t violate the rules:
somehow, the nation of sweden is fine
your house is glass
the branch covidians are upset lol
perfectly said
number 1
exactly
the woke mind virus is either defeated or nothing else matters
big rockets are needed to make life multiplanetary!
many battles remain, but, yes, the tide is starting to turn on the mortal threat to civilization that is the woke mind virus
truth resonates …
easy to fool people, but it is almost impossible to convince people that they have been fooled
i strongly disagree. forcing your pronouns upon others when they didn’t ask, and implicitly ostracizing those who don’t, is neither good nor kind to anyone. as for fauci, he lied to congress and funded gain-of-function research that killed millions of people. not awesome imo.
reasonable criticism of elections and judicial challenges are, of course, lawful. that seems to be the case here. clear incitement to violence will result in suspension and significant deception should result in a correction.
how’s it looking?
great!
thank you for your rigorous adherence to science
we are making a lot of progress, but help is always appreciated
they will try other methods, but we’re shutting them down as soon as they show up. twitter will also be moving to prosecute scammers anywhere on earth.
mostly
cool, the bots are so far unable to swarm to the top of my replies!
must be done for the future of civilization, without which nothing matters
calling all 🤖&amp; 🧌 please attack me!
correct
agreed
that’s my guess: small number of humans with large bot/troll armies. we are shutting down ip addresses of known bad actors today. should have been done long ago.
lmaooo
it’s gonna be 🔥🔥
nature is healing
hope you’re having a lovely sunday! 😀
my pronouns are prosecute/fauci
oh it is coming bigtime …
now things get spicy 🌶️
twitter is speeding up
twitter was wormtongue to the world
saruman … your staff is broken.
the bots/trolls generate fake activity, so twitter may seem a little less lively, but actually it’s just that the fakery is gone
no later than noon
the bots are in for a surprise tomorrow
traceroute woke_mind_virus
good question
deplatforming the president (cont.)
and many other features to come!
twitter is both a social media company and a crime scene
looks like yoel is arguing in favor of children being able to access adult internet services in his phd thesis:
this explains a lot
🇲🇦🇲🇦 congrats morocco!! 🇲🇦🇲🇦
interesting, how so?
coming soon …
yeah
good po1nt
hey stop gaslighting me!
it’s almost ready
at least! 🤣
we seriously need long-form tweets!
worth a read
do i think trump would have lost anyway? yes. and, as a reminder, i supported biden, hilary and obama. nonetheless, election interference by social media companies obviously undermines the public’s faith in democracy and is wrong.
unequivocally true. the evidence is clear and voluminous.
with rare exception, the fbi seems to want to do the right thing, but there is no question that twitter operated as a democratic party activist machine
the twitter files, part 3 deplatforming the president
indeed. shame on them!
correct
more than just a polycule in the bahamas, that’s for sure!
exactly correct.
absolutely
at the same time, ned was spending millions of dollars on warriors seats. super messed up priorities.
just a rough guess, but things probably start looking better in q2 2024
small world
no, it is not. when ella irwin, who now runs trust &amp; safety, joined twitter earlier this year, almost no one was working on child safety. she raised this with ned &amp; parag, but they rejected her staffing request. i made it top priority immediately.
agreed
if the fed raises rates again next week, the recession will be greatly amplified
it’s true that most celebrities don’t write their own posts. more should. way better to hear directly from them.
something i always admired about american legislators, at least historically, was that they would sometimes vote against the party line
good for ! i hope more of our elected leaders act independently, aka in the interests of the people.
absolutely! the real ceo was the head of “trust &amp; safety”.
top gun maverick was great! nytimes has gone “full woke”.
in reality, twitter is doing a much better job of combating disinformation. is a big part of that.
i love your music. hope you come back. is there any misinformation in particular that you’re concerned about?
it is a crime that they refused to take action on child exploitation for years!
new ai progress every week, it seems
what is this “misinformation” that he refers to?
the general principle of improving signal to noise is incredibly important
never leave a marine behind. never.
they are not long for this world
i slept on a couch in the twitter library and i don’t ever wear slippers
these are obvious account deletions with no tweets &amp; no log in for years
twitter will soon start freeing the name space of 1.5 billion accounts
i’m open to the idea
good way to frame it
more ai advances
tweets will show view count in a few weeks, just like videos do. twitter is much more alive than people think.
congrats on game of year!
greater austin area blends to purple
when there are macroeconomic risks, it is generally wise to avoid using margin loans on any company, as stocks may move in ways that are decoupled from their long-term potential
controversial decisions were often made without getting jack’s approval and he was unaware of systemic bias. the inmates were running the asylum. jack has a pure heart imo.
extremists have already moved to such platforms as … i already forgot their names
truth brings reconciliation
exactly
you’re welcome. twitter won’t be perfect in the future, but it will be *much* better.
yeah!
you operate a propaganda platform
the sun is coming
true, some accounts on the right were suspended even when twitter internally acknowledged that no rules were broken
as clearly describes, the rules were enforced against the right, but not against the left
really?
twitter isn’t using perkins coie. no company should use them until they make amends for sussman’s attempt to corrupt a presidential election.
the far right and the far left will splinter off twitter to irrelevant echo chambers
agreed
while subtle, if you look closely at this chart, you might notice a slight bias:
most engineers don’t feel strongly about politics, but do want to work with other great engineers. silicon valley has world’s best engineering talent, but is co-located with san francisco, which is far left. thus, far left gained control of an incredibly powerful info weapon.
twitter is working on a software update that will show your true account status, so you know clearly if you’ve been shadowbanned, the reason why and how to appeal
looking into it
dms should be encrypted, so that it is impossible for anyone at twitter to see the public’s dms, just as is the case with signal or imessage
former head of censorship at twitter was perhaps not entirely unbiased …
exactly
the twitter files, part deux!! 🍿🍿
i continue to oversee both tesla &amp; spacex, but the teams there are so good that often little is needed from me
macro conditions are difficult: energy in europe, real estate in china &amp; crazy fed rates in usa
this capability will save many lives
false, hate speech impressions are actually down by 1/3 for twitter now vs prior to acquisition
but the really mind-blowing thing is that this means your phone will work anywhere on earth, unless blocked by local government!
important to note that this is *total* bandwidth within a cell, so would be divided among all phones. starlink will be great for text messages, voice calls &amp; low res pics. if only a dozen phones are active, which is true in remote regions, then video will work.
tesla team has done incredibly well, despite extremely difficult times. could not be more proud of them.
correct
and with his twitter badge
x in beautiful san francisco
woke v woke
most important data was hidden (from you too) and some may have been deleted, but everything we find will be released
one of the best aircraft ever
oh, you know, keeping busy …
to be called agi, it needs to invent amazing things or discover deeper physics – many humans have done so. i’m not seeing that potential yet.
small world …
oh, what a tangled web they weave, when first they practice to …
only discovered this on sunday
so city of sf attacks companies providing beds for tired employees instead of making sure kids are safe from fentanyl. where are your priorities !?
yes. his explanation was …unconvincing.
in light of concerns about baker’s possible role in suppression of information important to the public dialogue, he was exited from twitter today
most of earth: “the msm is biased.” wikipedia: “cite msm source to confirm this claim.” 🤣🤣 wikipedia has a non-trivial left-wing bias. , what are your thoughts?
the ratio of total digital to total biological compute is the key metric to watch – it is rising incredibly fast
bold
so many interesting posts on twitter these days!
fixed
the ads are also way too big. we’ll fix it this week.
wait, is this true!?
in the past, victory would mean that your enemies are no longer around. these days, they’re not only alive &amp; well, but have lots of time on their hands to edit wikipedia!
starship takes beings of earth to mars
what’s the average cost per chat?
electric cargo ships are straightforward, as are short to medium range electric aircraft. long-range aircraft (beyond ~1500 mile) will take a few more years.
team was a bit too intense with spam/bot suspensions. moving to chill mode.
about a week or so
wild that we can see what was frozen 2.7 million years ago!
starlink works in even the most remote regions of antarctica
what’s wrong?
lmaooo
looking into it
yeah (sigh)
the constitution is greater than any president. end of story.
i take that as a compliment!
you do, that’s the fundamental difference
the intelligence of this hive-mind will improve significantly as signal/noise, effective cross-linking of tweets &amp; speed of tweets all improve
more importantly, they said nothing about chatgpt! totally 😴 at the 🚃.
anything anyone says will be used against me in a court of law
not surprising, as i just learned that openai had access to twitter database for training. i put that on pause for now. need to understand more about governance structure &amp; revenue plans going forward. openai was started as open-source &amp; non-profit. neither are still true.
&gt;95% of people still have no idea this is here
let’s find out 😉
whoa
worth mentioning that tesla has open-sourced its charge connector and is enabling other evs to use tesla superchargers
he has swagger
or you can just buy a tesla
i kinda like this post tbh
remember that 2022 flicking tiger’s nuts meme i posted? well …
the more twitter improves its signal to noise ratio, the less relevant conventional news becomes
trees of thought
great work by twitter spaces team!
looks like we will need another day or so
wow. meanwhile, on twitter …
pretty wild that you can engage in back-and-forth dialogue with over 100k people live on twitter spaces!
and, in doing so, destroy their credibility
i am not expressing an opinion, but did promise to conduct this poll. should assange and snowden be pardoned?
just a note to thank advertisers for returning to twitter
true
let’s throw a party and invite the whole galaxy!
agreed. let’s just give him an adult timeout in the big house &amp; move on.
sbf was bad at league. nuff said.
great podcast!
interesting
that’s because chatgpt is not a far left cause. the new york times should rename itself the social justice times.
is super important for getting closer to truth
exactly
chatgpt is scary good. we are not far from dangerously strong ai.
good questions
true
thank you for helping with this important problem
chatgpt is so much better at bullshit than they are!
true lol
that is because the new york times has become, for all intents and purposes, an unregistered lobbying firm for far left politicians
that’s just the publicly disclosed number. his actual support of dem elections is probably over $1b. the money went somewhere, so where did it go?
i’ve seen a lot of concerning tweets about the recent brazil election. if those tweets are accurate, it’s possible that twitter personnel gave preference to left wing candidates.
twitter servers are running at warp 9!!
the safety of any ai system can be measured by its mth (meantime to hitler). microsoft’s tay chatbot of several years ago got there in ~24 hours.
haha pretty close. electrical closet.
funny thing is that there was actually a little fire at twitter hq earlier this week! whole building was evacuated.
🥰🥰 i recently learned that openai receives a lot of its data from twitter
truth
correct
some things are priceless …
well-said
exactly
tune in for episode 2 of the twitter files tomorrow!
transparency is the key to trust
q&amp;a tomorrow
twitter acting by itself to suppress free speech is not a 1st amendment violation, but acting under orders from the government to suppress free speech, with no judicial review, is
if this isn’t a violation of the constitution’s first amendment, what is?
“handled” 🔥🔥🔥
ro khanna is great
it was an honor to see you again. looking forward to exciting plans in france!
here we go!! 🍿🍿
we’re double-checking some facts, so probably start live tweeting in about 40 mins
oh you mean the same msm that all colluded to suppress the story? that msm?
this will be awesome 🍿
what really happened with the hunter biden story suppression by twitter will be published on twitter at 5pm et!
agreed
both false positives and negatives matter
please screenshot examples that twitter needs to fix
not counting those behind the “see more replies” aka probable spam button
major twitter system improvements were implemented this week to drop hammer hard on spam/scam accounts. taking just past 24 hours, does it seem like there are far fewer?
twitter is now serving almost 90 billion tweet impressions per day! just how incredibly alive the system actually is will become obvious as we show view count on all tweets.
agreed
there are about 500m tweets per day &amp; billions of impressions, so hate speech impressions are &lt;0.1% of what’s seen on twitter!
utterly false
we will publish stats on love speech too, as it is vastly higher than hate speech!
hate speech impressions (# of times tweet was viewed) continue to decline, despite significant user growth! will publish data weekly. freedom of speech doesn’t mean freedom of reach. negativity should &amp; will get less reach than positivity.
please report accounts doing so. repeated harassment falls into the spam category, so will result in a temp suspension.
that resulted in a major spike. twitter will be publishing actual “hate speech” (same list company has always used) impressions later today &amp; every week going forward.
the (currently) quiet majority should tweet more!
you know twitter is being fair when extremists on far right and far left are simultaneously upset! twitter aims to serve center 80% of people, who wish to learn, laugh &amp; engage in reasoned debate. ❤️
right on schedule 🤣🤣
current efficiency is 1.7kwh/mile, but there is a clear path to 1.6, possibly 1.5
i have sam gamgee’s words on my bedside table
just clarifying that his account is being suspended for incitement to violence, not an unflattering pic of me being hosed by ari. frankly, i found those pics to be helpful motivation to lose weight!
i tried my best. despite that, he again violated our rule against incitement to violence. account will be suspended.
this is not
that is fine
this is silly. only two numbers are needed to calculate range: battery energy density and average vehicle energy consumed per unit distance.
accurate
check out the tesla exhibit at in la!
tesla semi truck launch in 5 mins!
going live on twitter in ~20 mins
jesus taught love, kindness and forgiveness. i used to think that turning the other cheek was weak &amp; foolish, but i was the fool for not appreciating its profound wisdom.
🇯🇵🇯🇵 congratulations japan! 🇯🇵🇯🇵
how many views do your tweets get?
we aren’t doing well at surfacing tweets from less prominent handles, as it’s almost impossible to distinguish between authentic humans vs bots/trolls. this is why $8/month with phone and optional id verification, as well as organizational affiliation, is so important.
ai is getting really good
exactly. that’s why i’m encouraging people to interact with twitter more!
compared to ai, progress with neuralink will be slow and easy to assess, as there is large regulatory apparatus approving medical devices. there is no regulatory oversight of ai, which is a *major* problem. i’ve been calling for ai safety regulation for over a decade!
view count will show how many people actually see tweets, just as is done for videos. you will sometimes have a video view count of 1m with only 20k likes!
the problem is that likes are public, subjecting people to criticism, and “like” is often the wrong description, as you often just think something is interesting or notable, but not likable. we need to add these critical distinctions.
twitter will start showing view count for all tweets, just as view count is shown for all videos. the system is far more alive than it would seem.
have you clicked on your tweet analytics (little bar graph)? those who read tweets outnumber those who reply/retweet/like tweets by over 1000%.
i meet so many people who read twitter every day, but almost never tweet. if i may beg your indulgence, please add your voice to the public dialogue!
agreed
looking into it
digging into this now
lot of people stuck in a damn-that’s-crazy chatgpt loop 🔁
there still isn’t a good strawberry picking robot, but researchers are working on it. as they apply ai to maximizing how many strawberries get picked, it might do whatever it takes to get more &amp; more planted, until eventually there are strawberry fields forever …
as a reminder, tap the stars icon on upper right of screen to switch between latest people you follow and recommended tweets
always wondered about that bear …
twitter is purging a lot of spam/scam accounts right now, so you may see your follower count drop
exactly
we are now confident that the neuralink device is ready for humans, so timing is a function of working through the fda approval process
exciting neuralink update in 30 mins!
congratulations !
good conversation. among other things, we resolved the misunderstanding about twitter potentially being removed from the app store. tim was clear that apple never considered doing so.
cancel culture needs to be canceled!!
wow, thank you for the kind words
feels like an eternity ago
thanks for taking me around apple’s beautiful hq
exactly. the obvious reality, as long-time users know, is that twitter has failed in trust &amp; safety for a very long time and has interfered in elections. twitter 2.0 will be far more effective, transparent and even-handed.
update from at 6pm pt
exactly
trend is concerning. fed needs to cut interest rates immediately. they are massively amplifying the probability of a severe recession.
much more, but i am simply stating the obvious
we’re implementing anti-bot bots. you should see some improvement by tomorrow.
microservices …
twitter core services latency reduced by ~400ms. should feel noticeably faster.
sam lost me when he said that any lies at all would justify trump losing. i mean … sam literally wrote a book about why lying is evil!
accurate prediction
a little more progress to mars
several other major democrat politicians attacked me too, all around the same time. it was coordinated. outside of party leadership and independents like manchin, they are essentially actors on the political stage, not directors or script writers.
sam used to be so rational! there is such a thing as too much meditation …
correct
don’t love the name, but the drink itself is amazing &amp; brings me joy 😀
this is a serious problem
this makes sense
the people have spoken …
if community notes can correct me, then obviously they can correct anyone. this is a good example. they were right to add the label.
i think i have been very specific
it’s a real problem. apple and google effectively control access to most of the internet via their app stores.
that one was real too
the reason satire about cnn proposing censorship of twitter could so easily be construed as reality is because that is the prevailing sentiment of the media! satire is reveals a deeper truth.
this will forever be our top priority
this is a battle for the future of civilization. if free speech is lost even in america, tyranny is all that lies ahead.
this is a battle for the future of civilization. if free speech is lost even in america, tyranny is all that lies ahead.
exactly
absolutely, especially if done in collusion with the government
the twitter files on free speech suppression soon to be published on twitter itself. the public deserves to know what really happened …
why are so many in the media against free speech? this is messed up.
a revolution against online censorship in america
support is greatly appreciated!
wow, they don’t sound biased at all!
did you know apple puts a secret 30% tax on everything you buy through their app store?
apple has also threatened to withhold twitter from its app store, but won’t tell us why
secret suppression of free speech by apple. customers were never told. what the hell is going on here?
apple should publish all censorship actions it has taken that affect its customers
here works
accurate
are you suggesting apple would use its duopolist powers to hurt tesla?
who else has apple censored?
what terms?
what’s going on here ?
apple has mostly stopped advertising on twitter. do they hate free speech in america?
lmaoooo
greetings, i’m musket, elon musket
hearting things that you just want to highlight is questionable
true
good for you!
there is no excuse for my lack of coasters
yah, it’s mostly basic
my bedside table
the amount of pro psy ops on twitter is ridiculous! at least with new verified they will pay $8 for the privilege haha.
your anti-dictator stance is as controversial as it is brave. from whence cometh your 💰?
i’m optimistic that we will make some progress
exactly
that american media would argue *against* free speech in america – within the bounds of the law – is an utter travesty. shame on them! shame, shame, shame.
that might be cool to show publicly, now that you mention it
you probably weren’t blocking 4000 accounts per second
friends have asked me if there’s a way to recover their old vine videos! will look into it.
system obviously needs immediate alerts for any sudden spike in database writes of any kind
that’s literally how i found out!
it’s on the todo list
twitter experienced slight degradation of service today from an old 3rd party tool used to block accounts that had no rate limit (sigh). should be fixed now.
this whole thread is making your point for you
absolutely!
working on it
and i am paying $8 btw :)
just a note to encourage people of different political or other views to engage in civil debate on twitter. worst case, the other side has a slightly better understanding of your views.
remote is fine, but the bar for excellence &amp; trust is higher to overcome communication difficulties
good old random partial reinforcement gets ya every time!
vindman is both puppet &amp; puppeteer. question is who pulls his strings … ?
fortunately, i work late. would you like fries with that?
note, spamming, whether done by a set of humans or bots is against tos
like digital ventriloquist dolls 🤣
was also due to me that we got trademark to use tesla motors as initial name &amp; later obtained url
he is invited!
or maybe just … bots 🤷‍♂️
they’re bots in human form
artcenter college of design gave me an honorary degree for my work on the original tesla roadster
more importantly, i was head of product and led the design of the original roadster. eberhard was wealthy and could have risked his money, but was unwilling to do so.
for many celebrities, it’s actually their manager or “team” writing their tweets. might be the case here.
seems like npc to pc ratio is super high!
good question
they won’t give up controlling the narrative easily …
good idea
true
correct
i think i see a path to twitter exceeding a billion monthly users in 12 to 18 months
he can drive it himself if he wants!
slides from my twitter company talk
starry, starry night …
tesla team just completed a 500 mile drive with a tesla semi weighing in at 81,000 lbs!
stephen king is one of most creative people on earth. while i may not agree with everything he says, i do actually want to hear it.
world-class software aces are joining twitter
follow world cup on twitter for best real-time coverage!
the goal is a trusted digital town square, where a wide range of views are tolerated, provided people don’t break the law or spam. for example, any incitement to violence will result in account suspension.
better
suggestions are welcome mr. 👑
tonnage to orbit is the better metric
correct. good thread.
this alleged expert is saying things that are flat-out false. i have now said several times of twitter that incitement to violence, obviously including threats of physical harm, will result in account suspension.
will look into it
i wonder what earth will be like 88 million years from now
most people still have no idea. fsd is the most important software release of any kind in a very long time.
he is infected with a mental version of this physical virus
that the mind virus is pushing humanity towards extinction is not hyperbole
simpson’s predicts i buy twitter s26e12
it’s insane! i’m just fighting for free speech in america.
but twitter as a platform must be fair to all
but freedom of speech is the bedrock of a strong democracy and must take precedence. my preference for the 2024 presidency is someone sensible and centrist. i had hoped that would the case for the biden administration, but have been disappointed so far.
as a reminder, i was a significant supporter of the obama-biden presidency and (reluctantly) voted for biden over trump
interesting development
i’m fine with trump not tweeting. the important thing is that twitter correct a grave mistake in banning his account, despite no violation of the law or terms of service. deplatforming a sitting president undermined public trust in twitter for half of america.
i certainly hope it does not come to that, but, yes, if there is no other choice, i will make an alternative phone
concerning
calling for violence will result in suspension
absolutely
incitement to violence will result in account suspension. currently suspended accounts will be enabled slowly next week after manual review to determine whether they have potentially broken the law or engaged in spam. twitter will be a forum for the peaceful exchange of views.
accurate
if it actually becomes a problem, we will take those and other steps
deliberate impersonation/deception will result in account suspension. organizational affiliation, bio and follower count distinguish between people who genuinely have the exact same name. we shall see how it goes.
the clawback may be their biggest fear
exactly
i am neither conventionally right nor left, but i agree with your point. the woke mind virus has thoroughly penetrated entertainment and is pushing civilization towards suicide. there needs to be a counter-narrative.
we can aspire to turn it to the betterment of all
what do you think of the culture war?
that is a disturbing story and very concerning that twitter took no action, despite clear violation of tos. report in this thread for now.
all verified individual humans will have same blue check, as boundary of what constitutes “notable” is otherwise too subjective. individuals can have secondary tiny logo showing they belong to an org if verified as such by that org. longer explanation next week.
incitement to violence will result in account suspension
sorry for the delay, we’re tentatively launching verified on friday next week. gold check for companies, grey check for government, blue for individuals (celebrity or not) and all verified accounts will be manually authenticated before check activates. painful, but necessary.
interesting … now pay $8
much ado about nothing
but you have piqued my curiosity … who are these “online experts” you speak of?
ap is such an expert in misinformation. twitter couldn’t hope to compete!
mars plans are still moving forward
how can it be both illegal and “by the court”? twitter must abide by the laws of each country or get shut down.
thanksgiving cuisine is such a delightful symphony of flavor!
this is simply based on the same list of terms that twitter has used for some time, so ceteris paribus
wsj giving foot massages to a criminal
amazing 🤩
jack has a pure heart
some have simply been abandoned, but vast numbers of handles were consumed by bots/trolls. aiming to start freeing those up next month.
the people have spoken. amnesty begins next week. vox populi, vox dei.
you might notice small, sometimes major, improvements in speed of twitter. will be especially significant in countries far away from usa.
tesla full self-driving beta is now available to anyone in north america who requests it from the car screen, assuming you have bought this option. congrats to tesla autopilot/ai team on achieving a major milestone!
that’s the general idea
removing child exploitation is priority . please reply in comments if you see anything that twitter needs to address.
oh we have quite the adventure ahead!
reducing the max allowed tweets/day to a number below what a speed typist on meth could do was helpful
i have half a mind to wag my finger at the 1500 accounts that caused the spike, but i shall forebear 🙄
this is necessary to restore public trust
yeah, these are umm … bad words. i read through the list last week &amp; have to say i learned a few things 😳!!
great point! ♥️♥️♥️
fun level on twitter has definitely increased! i’m having a great time tbh.
hate speech impressions down by 1/3 from pre-spike levels. congrats to twitter team!
working on it
they need to exist to stop scams, spam, nsfw &amp; illegal stuff from going viral, but they should obviously not be used for political purposes
it is objectively the case that “conservative” political candidates were more negatively affected than “progressive” candidates. anyone using twitter knows this. question is simply one of magnitude.
neil a, which is alien spelled backwards, was first person on the moon, and the year was 69 …
agreed, that is not ok
if sbf was as good at running a crypto exchange as he was at bribing media, ftx would still be solvent!
have a great thanksgiving! 🇺🇸♥️🇺🇸
is this really still happening ?
this is one the biggest failures in us journalistic integrity of the 21st century
lol, but actually true
the more i learn, the worse it gets. the world should know the truth of what has been happening at twitter. transparency will earn the trust of the people.
good point. conflicts of interest should be made readily apparent to the reader.
just wow …
they should get a “sbf-affiliated media” label 🤣
that’s why he won’t answer
to be direct, the very real concern here is that you have been pushing a completely false sbf ownership of twitter narrative while effectively being his paid shill.
all public holders of twitter were allowed to roll their stock into twitter as a private company, but he did not do so. your reporting made it falsely sound like he did, when in fact he owns 0%. for the last time, how much of you does sbf own? stop dodging the question.
to be fair, there are many people at twitter working late into the night, for whom i have great respect
awesome new twitter merch!
it has been really bad. far left san francisco/berkeley views have been propagated to the world via twitter. i’m sure this comes as no surprise to anyone watching closely. twitter is moving rapidly to establish an even playing field. no more thumb on the scale!
it’s not a real publication
🤣🤣 with maybe a little editorial help from sbf’s employees
this is awesome
no grey area. flat wrong.
on the other *did* take the sbf money and won’t disclose how much sbf owns of them
i did not take the money. sbf/ftx do not own shares in twitter.
world cup traffic hit almost 20,000 tweets per second today! great work by twitter team managing record usage.
headline: “stephen king tweet causes my pillow sales to skyrocket!” lmaooo
haha sorry code release towards end of next week should allow this again
no. he may have owned shares in twitter as a public company, but he certainly does not own shares in twitter as a private company.
there was a time when you cared about the truth. that is long gone.
as i said, neither i nor twitter have taken any investment from sbf/ftx. your article is a lie. now, i’m asking again, how much of you does sbf own?
it was getting to the point where the minimum impulse bit for a silicon valley startup was a billion dollar market cap!
should twitter offer a general amnesty to suspended accounts, provided that they have not broken the law or engaged in egregious spam?
so much to fix at twitter (sigh)
there are lies, there are damn lies, and then there is statista
some things more so than others (sigh)
true
what do your jeans tell you?
according to obama’s doj, the ferguson shooting was unequivocally self-defense, so the ferguson protests were – if you believe obama’s doj – based on a false premise. that’s not to say that other injustices don’t occur, but this does not appear to be one of them.
full text:
what conspiracy theory? this what obama’s doj published:
looking into it
there was an error last week where the system incorrectly suspended &amp; deboosted your account. i’m told that those are now cleared.
truth over time builds trust. nothing else.
i would like to know too
what percentage of you does he own?
congratulations
more and more over time, as we hew closer to the truth, twitter will earn the trust of the people
i hope you get that which truly makes you happy
inmates are running the asylum at wapo while jeff parties in his hot tub
🤣🤣 worth it
what’s going on here ?
semafor is owned by sbf. this is a massive conflict of interest in your reporting. journalistic integrity is 🗑️.
what is best in life?
troublesome
welcome to twitter!
false. also, business is still not a real publication. just give up.
what *is* the best pillow?
is my pillow actually a great pillow? now i’m curious.
oh hi lol
agreed
maybe we’ve gone to heaven/hell &amp; don’t know it 🤔
found in closet at twitter hq fr 🤣🤣
twitter is where the opinion leaders are
i am cautiously optimistic that things will work out well
nice
wasn’t twitter supposed to die by now or something … ?
a large coalition of political/social activist groups agreed not to try to kill twitter by starving us of advertising revenue if i agreed to this condition. they broke the deal.
correct
not even associated press with their completely fictional report on russian missiles hitting poland that carried severe consequences for escalating the war
this is messed up
as is obvious to all but the media, there is not one permanent ban on even the most far left account spouting utter lies
true
it is shocking how many journalists viscously attack free speech, but somehow think they’re the good guys!
the olden daze
indeed
what do you mean?
wait, if i tweet does that count as work?
twitter
yeah, about 6 months ago
i see a path
it’s coming
looking into it
pretty sure that was in elden ring
perhaps not unreasonable to know if anything was accomplished 🫶
this will improve a lot as twitter becomes fast to use outside of north america, western europe &amp; japan
plot twist!
written content too
let’s see what happens when twitter offers good video with higher compensation for creators …
the tactics of mistake
twitter added 1.6m daily active users this past week, another all-time high
holding off relaunch of blue verified until there is high confidence of stopping impersonation. will probably use different color check for organizations than individuals.
lmao
dune. amazing to think it was written in 1965!
yeah umm … that is definitely not the reason it failed
starlink now works for high latitudes
tesla megapacks are highly effective in addressing electricity demand spikes that cause power outages
i have! it was great.
not many tbh
your tweets are good! more countries should tweet like this. no fun being all stuffy.
experience: what you get when you didn’t get what you wanted - igor
oh they’ll be back on twitter, if they even actually left. this platform is like pharmaceutical-grade crack to them.
i am having a great time 🤣🤣
fanaticism is always a function of repressed doubt – dune
it’s a reverse, reverse psychology trick
absolutely
i like his music tbh, but maybe etsy is more his style
hope all judgy hall monitors stay on other platforms – please, i’m begging u
feels so long ago 🤭
it is so entertaining!
twitter is fun 🚀 💫 ♥️
behavior follows the incentives for political power
good times :)
then let us work to make the future better
we should actively recruit the best &amp; brightest to part of the united states! that is what every championship sports team does.
so unfair! 🤣
and it turns out that trent “nine inch nails” reznor is actually a crybaby 🤣
i can’t think of a worse curse than living forever
seems bizarre that it’s so easy enter illegally, but so hard to get a legal work visa
my firstborn child died in my arms. i felt his last heartbeat. i have no mercy for anyone who would use the deaths of children for gain, politics or fame.
oh man, that’s a long story, but if we haven’t cut response time in half by end of year, i will hang my head in shame
latter
yes, major focus on video overall
priority
suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven
falcon is powered by 9 merkins!
our love will never die
and lead us not into temptation …
so tempting …
don’t kill what ye hate save what ye love
making good progress. still tracking to wide release next month.
world cup qatar 2022: opening ceremony
so you say “mainstream media” is biased? hmm, will have to fact-check that with mainstream media. nope, they say everything is cool!
they just can’t stop writing about twitter, which is driving usage through roof lmao
one thing is for sure: it’s not boring
exactly
“all the news that’s fit to print” my ass
[cue spider-man meme]
what could be more fun than a social network consisting entirely of hall monitors!?
it is tragic how far the new york times has fallen – basically just boring af far left brainwashing at this point. the boring part is truly unforgivable!
world cup starts soon! follow on twitter for best coverage by far.
sure as night follows day …
hey stop defaming me!
twitter is alive
good idea
their posts are super boring
they should bring walter cronkite back
oh forget it who cares
who made this decision?
twitter engineering is working on it
server load is insane rn. good stress test before world cup tomorrow!
well-said
lmaooo
the people have spoken. trump will be reinstated. vox populi, vox dei.
🤣 but actually
134m people have seen this poll
red bull does work tbh
definitely need to improve twitter’s dopamine/cortisol ratio!
i agree
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely – my variant on occam’s razor
twitter search will add feedback loops to improve result rank based on which result you click on &amp; whether you immediately click back (implies wrong result)
notes from last night: - maybe deprecate tls this week, as only needed if android app &gt;1 year old. - home mixer computes home ~10x faster than timeline. - ad mixer can greatly improve relevance at cost of lower total ad views. more interesting the ad, more time you look at it.
most accurate would be to require access to phone gps for location-specific polls
fascinating to watch twitter trump poll!
bot &amp; troll armies might be running out of steam soon. some interesting lessons to clean up future polls.
good question
most amount of people i’ve ever seen in the building by far
that was certainly my intention too!
tesla fsd 10.69.3.1 going to wide release now
just leaving twitter hq code review
the bot attack is impressive to watch!
trump poll getting ~1m votes/hour!
can’t tell if this is parody or real
verification through the payment system plus phones, but allowing pseudonyms is the least bad solution i can think of
when polls are about a significant question, even those who don’t follow me tend to hear about it. that said, i agree with the idea of an all-user poll. should also be an all-user by country poll.
agreed
reinstate former president trump
too bad
app store fees are obviously too high due to the ios/android duopoly. it is a hidden 30% tax on the internet.
kind of him to say. i look forward to meeting.
first world cup match on sunday! watch on twitter for best coverage &amp; real-time commentary.
exactly
thanks marc ❤️
note, this applies just to the individual tweet, not the whole account
if only there had been a way … 🤣🤣
kathie griffin, jorden peterson &amp; babylon bee have been reinstated. trump decision has not yet been made.
new twitter policy is freedom of speech, but not freedom of reach. negative/hate tweets will be max deboosted &amp; demonetized, so no ads or other revenue to twitter. you won’t find the tweet unless you specifically seek it out, which is no different from rest of internet.
freedom fridays …
jazz hands 🤗
what should twitter do next?
you don’t say …
of course not ❤️
i stand corrected!
you’re welcome
record numbers of users are logging in to see if twitter is dead, ironically making it more alive than ever!
seriously
let that sink in …
and … we just hit another all-time high in twitter usage lol
the best people are staying, so i’m not super worried
don’t wanna jinx it, but there’s a chance we can keep twitter alive …
thanks for helping out. you’re a lifesaver!
thanks!
how do you make a small fortune in social media? start out with a large one.
the media constantly writing about twitter is driving usage to all-time highs, so it’s fine by me!
cybertruck is something special that comes along once in a long while
current class-action law is actually a massive tax on the american people and desperately needs reform. it is one of the reasons medication is so expensive in the usa. somehow, other countries do just fine without class-action law.
the actual attackers in class-action lawsuits are the law firms. they just find someone in the class to be their puppet.
we’re working on something that should rank replies automatically
twitter is like open-sourcing the news
probably
sbf is ineffective altruism, but they thought he was saying he was in effective altruism. easy misunderstanding.
i don’t wanna brag but … it’s true
definitely
not to mention the sickkk memes lol
coverage of ftx meltdown is incomparably faster *and* better quality on twitter than old-school media
ability to do long tweets coming soon
it’s not his fault, society is to blame. arrest society!
i believe in vice-signaling
correct. i will continue to run twitter until it is in a strong place, which will take some time.
magic 🎱 knows all
literally working on that tonight
people have no idea how fast twitter will evolve
sure, let’s talk.
wait a second, how do we know you’re not an alien body snatcher pretending to be jimmy!? say something that only the real jimmy would say …
why is that?
sounds like a job for !
to heir is human, to forgive, divine (something like that)
fix what?
maybe
congratulations!!
x will be the everything app
i’m the taint haha
yeah, next-level 🤣🤣
fasting + ozempic/wegovy + no tasty food near me
down 30 lbs!
my apologies, this will be fixed within a week, two at most
agreed. what will matter in the future is how many verified followers you have.
we’ll widen v11 beta before thanksgiving
hard to say who’s celeb &amp; who isn’t. being able to sort by follower count &amp; disallowing deliberate impersonation probably solves this.
all unpaid legacy blue checkmarks will be removed in a few months
with new release, changing your verified name will cause loss of checkmark until name is confirmed by twitter to meet terms of service
punting relaunch of blue verified to november 29th to make sure that it is rock solid
false
interesting thread
much appreciated, spacex will not let nasa down!
important to admit when i’m wrong &amp; firing them was truly one of my biggest mistakes
welcoming back ligma &amp; johnson!
actual silicon valley is way crazier!
this is just as a result of people living longer. population collapse is already built-in, due to dramatically decreasing birth rates.
false
much appreciated
schrep is great
a tragic case of adult onset tourette’s
you make a compelling case
the injustice of it all 😭😭
seriously
ligma &amp; johnson are welcome back anytime
i would like to apologize for firing these geniuses. their immense talent will no doubt be of great use elsewhere.
(cue obama giving himself a medal meme)
exactly
server control team knows because they stop working from time to time. that’s why they have the “critical 40” list.
true. server side can (and has been) brute-forced, but that can’t solve weak internet connections &amp; older phones. worth noting that twitter in india &amp; many other countries is slow even on latest iphone.
starlink is rebuilding the internet in space, so maybe i know slightly more than some guy who wrote code for a website
there are ~1200 “microservices” server side, of which ~40 are critical to twitter working at all, according to server control team. trimming down that 1200 number, reducing data usage, serialized trips &amp; simplifying app are all needed to improve speed of use.
twitter is very slow in india, indonesia &amp; many other countries. this is fact, not “claim”. 10 to 15 secs to refresh homeline tweets is common. sometimes, it doesn’t work at all, especially on android phones. only question is how much delay is due to bandwidth/latency/app.
mr. munger’s words are much appreciated
malenia battle was next-level intense
yes, although it seemed almost impossible at times
the ratings on this simulation are incredible
definitely
why is twitter unusably slow in many countries? seems odd that this would be bandwidth only.
yeah, i hate it
by the people, for the people
twitter is all the news
next test is ~20 sec firing with max oxygen fill to test autogenous pressurization, possibly one more static fire, then orbital launch attempt
test went well
why the puff piece ?
good question
did seem a little dr evil tbh haha
this is an external analysis, not from twitter. it is lower than twitter’s published mdau.
full test duration of 14 engines
recent trend is promising
that’s what i said!
in some parts of the world, refresh takes 30 seconds
how many serial requests are made by app to refresh timeline?
and we will finally stop adding what device a tweet was written on (waste of screen space &amp; compute) below every tweet. literally no one even knows why we did that …
part of today will be turning off the “microservices” bloatware. less than 20% are actually needed for twitter to work!
i was told ~1200 rpcs independently by several engineers at twitter, which matches # of microservices. the ex-employee is wrong. same app in us takes ~2 secs to refresh (too long), but ~20 secs in india, due to bad batching/verbose comms. actually useful data transferred is low.
that is not good
this is up to the tesla board
can you cite specific instances of significance?
i have tesla covered too. will be there part of this week.
that’s the bizarre part
how was it proven?
yay, he’s investing in tesla!
a question worth asking
i’m ready through the list right now
true, the food is great. the fact that you don’t realize that there are up to 1200 “microservices” being called when someone uses the twitter app is not great.
interesting
it’s on my list to review. how urgent is this?
that is my philosophy
umm … no
spacex starlink bought a tiny – not large – ad package to test effectiveness of twitter advertising in australia &amp; spain. did same for fb/insta/google.
end of week
join twitter!
comments in this thread had me rofl
something tells me this would work 🧠
that goes without saying 🤣
btc will make it, but might be a long winter
concerning
accurate assessment
great movie
are fb followed real?
damn
good summary!
will look into it
twitter is super slow on android. what have you done to fix that?
then please correct me. what is the right number?
false. twitter spends $13m/year on food service for sf hq. badge in records show peak occupancy was 25%, average occupancy below 10%. there are more people preparing breakfast than eating breakfast. they don’t even bother serving dinner, because there is no one in the building.
increasing granularity about what “verified” actually means is the right move
i think you’re great
i can’t tell
especially bizarre given that almost no one came to the office. estimated cost per lunch served in past 12 months is &gt;$400.
i hope they keep cursing me on twitter, as it increases advertising revenue!
we will enable organizations to manage affiliations
output of any company is the vector sum of people within it. someone may be a strong vector, but negatively affect those around them to such a degree that they are a net negative.
btw, i’d like to apologize for twitter being super slow in many countries. app is doing &gt;1000 poorly batched rpcs just to render a home timeline!
cool :)
ultimately, i think there is no choice but for twitter to be the final arbiter, but i’m open to suggestions
rolling out soon, twitter will enable organizations to identify which other twitter accounts are actually associated with them
coming soon
amphetamines negatively affect empathy, psychedelics do the opposite
are you suggesting the senator will abuse his political power to attack me?
twitter rocks
what matters is that you love them
twitter feels increasingly alive
i like both you and mike! it’s just that twitter at its core is a software &amp; servers company. the technology needs to evolve rapidly, which requires a technologist.
and why does your pp have a mask!?
perhaps it is because your real account sounds like a parody?
rollout will broaden roughly every week
fond memories
probably next month
going without saying that we all want ass (actually smart summon) asap!!
no way
making tesla superchargers &amp; connectors available to all is the right thing to do
spaces should be evolve. it has potential to be truly great.
probably end of next week
my reaction to sbf was … different
twitter at its best!
this is false. anyone who can be in office, should be. however, if not logistically possible or they have essential personal matters, then staying home is fine. working remotely is also ok if their manager vouches for excellence. same policy as tesla &amp; spacex.
order at
wen doc series?
exactly
cool
given all that is in v11, it will take a few weeks to expand the beta, then another few weeks to go wide release to us &amp; canada
fsd v11 rolled out at 11:11pm pacific
twitter is
not sure i have much to add
ftx meltdown/ransack being tracked in real-time on twitter
it’s coming
accurate. he set off my bs detector, which is why i did not think he had $3b.
we’re adding a “parody” subscript to clarify
full answer to insulin price question is complex. short answer is that original insulin, discovered in 1921 (not 1923), is inexpensive, costing as little as $25. new, higher efficacy analog variants of insulin are more expensive.
it used to be: “internet guy will fail at rockets/cars!” now it is: “rockets/cars guy will fail at internet!” literally from same media outlets 🤣🤣
maybe should be default off? subscriber is a way better name.
mainstream media will still thrive, but increased competition from citizens will cause them to be more accurate, as their oligopoly on information is disrupted
true
this is from the video arcade &amp; bar area
interesting
as twitter pursues the goal of elevating citizen journalism, media elite will try everything to stop that from happening
what is quill?
twitter hq is great (this is a real pic)
when rolls out worldwide, it will have a powerful impact on falsehoods
false
needs some tweaks, but overall proceeding well
agreed, necessary change
hit all-time high of active users today
2023 will probably be tough, but my companies are positioned well
some epically funny tweets 🤣🤣
we will take action in this regard
quite the day!
i agree
absolutely
to be more precise, accounts doing parody impersonations. basically, tricking people is not ok.
going forward, accounts engaged in parody must include “parody” in their name, not just in bio
even i paid $8, no discount
usage of twitter continues to rise. one thing is for sure: it isn’t boring!
you should be able to change your name now
i’d watch that movie 🍿
community notes is a gamechanger for improving accuracy on twitter!
far too many corrupt legacy blue “verification” checkmarks exist, so no choice but to remove legacy blue in coming months
indeed
i love when people complain about twitter … on twitter 🤣🤣
i’m not seeing much spam in this reply
coming
it’s working for me. that said, we can definitely make the verified mentions tab more usable.
what does a tosh look like?
are you seeing far fewer bots/scams/spam?
it’s awesome 🫐
pretty funny though 🤣🤣
working on it!
that’s coming
you’re welcome!
rollout of new verified blue is intentionally limited just to ios in a few countries with very little promotion. as we iron out issues, we will expand worldwide on all platforms.
in days to come, we’ll add granularity to verified badge, such as organizational affiliation &amp; id verification
we are changing the text to say “legacy verified. could be notable, but could also be bogus.”
subscription blue is better than legacy blue. i switched over.
the goal of twitter dms is to superset signal
twitter is growing super fast. i hope it continues!!
hopefully, as soon as next week
totally agree!
nope, i was alway 🥜 !
yeah
congratulations!
rockets that aren’t reusable have no future
finally
please note that twitter will do lots of dumb things in coming months. we will keep what works &amp; change what doesn’t.
complaint hotline operator online! please mention your complaints below.
blue check will be the great leveler
i just killed it
actual fun stuff ftw!!
should be noted that a significant percentage of these accounts are not real people, but some proportion are
this is super messed up. unfortunately, many such things occurred at twitter. even worse was done in later years. meaningful growth happens when utility &amp; entertainment value improve. that will be our focus going forward. no more fake numbers &amp; pseudo growth.
when reality is indistinguishable from satire
it is borderline illegal to support republicans in san francisco! even admitting you know some is pretty bad 🤣
good point
twitter is the most interesting place on the internet
twitter is the worst! but also the best.
wow, this is messed up!
politics is war and truth is the first casualty
while it’s true that i’ve been under unfair &amp; misleading attack for some time by leading democrats, my motivation here is for centrist governance, which matches the interests of most americans
exactly
important thread
i just hope the servers don’t melt!
twitter usage is at an all-time high lol
and i’m open to the idea of voting democrat again in the future
to be clear, my historical party affiliation has been independent, with an actual voting history of entirely democrat until this year
true
like most people in america, i agree with some of the democrat and some of the republican policies, but not all. however, if executive and legislative branches are dominated by *one* party, then we lose balance of power.
hardcore democrats or republicans never vote for the other side, so independent voters are the ones who actually decide who’s in charge!
to independent-minded voters: shared power curbs the worst excesses of both parties, therefore i recommend voting for a republican congress, given that the presidency is democratic.
but if twitter is bird, that’s means … 🤯
back when birds were real
how times have changed
we do
twitter rules will evolve over time, but they’re currently the following:
birds haven’t been real since 1986
$8 for all
exactly
not everything needs to have “bird” in the name! too many bird groups fighting each internally other at twitter. angry birds.
birdwatch gives me the creeps
community notes aka
but if she really wants her account back, she can have it
actually, she was suspended for impersonating a comedian
at the end of the day, if twitter is indeed the most accurate source of information, more people will use it
as judged by the people of twitter via community notes (formerly birdwatch)
absolutely
you represent the problem: journalists who think they are the only source of legitimate information. that’s the big lie.
i will look into this
accurate
my commitment to free speech extends even to not banning the account following my plane, even though that is a direct personal safety risk
twitter needs to become by far the most accurate source of information about the world. that’s our mission.
twitter user numbers have increased significantly around the world since the deal was announced. and these are very early days. as twitter becomes by far the most reliable source of truth, it will be indispensable.
no problem to use a pseudonym. the high-level principle is just that verified users can’t engage in malicious deception.
we are implementing additional safeguards to prevent impersonation, as well as collective use of verified accounts by a single individual or organization
widespread verification will democratize journalism &amp; empower the voice of the people
no exceptions
any name change at all will cause temporary loss of verified checkmark
previously, we issued a warning before suspension, but now that we are rolling out widespread verification, there will be no warning. this will be clearly identified as a condition for signing up to twitter blue.
what censorship are you referring to?
going forward, any twitter handles engaging in impersonation without clearly specifying “parody” will be permanently suspended
we can beat that
worth watching
fixing search is a high priority
noted to fix
search within twitter reminds me of infoseek in ‘98! that will also get a lot better pronto.
interesting
42 mins to start, then several hours in a month or so
we definitely need to incent people to do a lot more interactions on twitter!
we can do 42 min chunks at 1080 resolution now for new blue, so you could break up a longer video. the 42 min limit should be fixed next month. how does youtube monetization work &amp; what could twitter do better?
absolutely
hopefully, less than a month
absolutely
two weeks
something like that
followed by creator monetization for all forms of content
twitter will soon add ability to attach long-form text to tweets, ending absurdity of notepad screenshots
couple months
true
great question. twitter will suspend the account attempting impersonation and keep the money! so if scammers want to do this a million times, that’s just a whole bunch of free money.
this rocks
so long as pay $8, please be my guest
that is weirdly tricky due to the way apple handles “subscriptions”. if you subscribed to the old thing, it’s not super smooth to subscribe to the new thing. we’re working on it.
hot take: not everything aoc says is 💯 accurate
this feature is an absolute gamechanger for fighting mis/disinformation at scale
as soon as we confirm it’s working well in the initial set of countries and we have the translation work done, it will roll out worldwide
making great actuators for a humanoid robot is a surprisingly hard problem
i still do a lot of work at tesla! was at our palo alto engineering office until late thursday night when i had to redeye to ny.
far too many legacy “verified” checkmarks were handed out, often arbitrarily, so in reality they are *not* verified. you can buy as many as you want right now with a google search. piggybacking off payment system plus apple/android is a much better way to ensure verification.
correct
birdwatch (soon to be renamed community notes) has incredible potential for improving information accuracy on twitter!
trash me all day, but it’ll cost $8
⚡️⚡️⚡️ power to the people ⚡️⚡️⚡️
i try my best
thank you. a thermonuclear name &amp; shame is exactly what will happen if this continues.
regarding twitter’s reduction in force, unfortunately there is no choice when the company is losing over $4m/day. everyone exited was offered 3 months of severance, which is 50% more than legally required.
twitter will not censor accurate information about anything
again, to be crystal clear, twitter’s strong commitment to content moderation remains absolutely unchanged. in fact, we have actually seen hateful speech at times this week decline *below* our prior norms, contrary to what you may read in the press.
excellent summary of twitter’s trust &amp; safety from the head of the team
hank, try a google search …
agreed. working on it.
and therefore twitter should die?
you’re right
twitter has had a massive drop in revenue, due to activist groups pressuring advertisers, even though nothing has changed with content moderation and we did everything we could to appease the activists. extremely messed up! they’re trying to destroy free speech in america.
absolutely
that assessment is more accurate than most people realize
unsure if confirming or denying that i’m an alien is more convincing that i’m an alien
maybe we’re already in it
i’m an alien trying to get back to my home planet
there are in fact 2 agendas
tiny talk is talk so small it feels like it’s coming from your own mind
what can i say? it was a naked abuse of power.
why is small talk even legal!?
a neuron doesn’t realize it’s a neuron
pretty much, or at least one of the hive minds
… with a lot of room for improvement
because it consists of billions of bidirectional interactions per day, twitter can be thought of as a collective, cybernetic super-intelligence
true, twitter has amazing content in japan – roughly half of all adults online – but it’s almost never seen outside of japan
your feedback is appreciated, now pay $8
advertisers should support:
twitter is simply the most interesting place on the internet. that’s why you’re reading this tweet right now.
the system is working 🤣
being attacked by both right &amp; left simultaneously is a good sign
quite a few companies like this
works every time
capital allocation should be done by those best at doing so
still a fair bit of polish to be done on 69.3. it’s a major release posing as a minor release.
some good ideas here
you get what you pay for
if verified accounts violate terms of service, eg spam/scam/impersonation, they’ll be suspended, but twitter will keep their money! we will definitely add cool stuff like what you’re suggesting to twitter blue.
thanks michael
absolutely agreed that the twitter safety board should have people from all viewpoints
exactly!
the community notes feature is awesome. our goal is to make twitter the most accurate source of information on earth, without regard to political affiliation.
twitter's content moderation council will include representatives with widely divergent views, which will certainly include the civil rights community and groups who face hate-fueled violence
twitter will not allow anyone who was de-platformed for violating twitter rules back on platform until we have a clear process for doing so, which will take at least a few more weeks
talked to civil society leaders , , , , , , ken hersch &amp; about how twitter will continue to combat hate &amp; harassment &amp; enforce its election integrity policies
i think so
exactly!
twitter speaks to the inner masochist in all of us
it’s the user’s own setting that did this
totally stole idea of charging for insults &amp; arguments from monty python tbh
to all complainers, please continue complaining, but it will cost $8
that already happens very frequently
falcon heavy is a testament to the awesomeness of humanity
sounds like a good idea
there will be a secondary tag below the name for someone who is a public figure, which is already the case for politicians
yes, this will destroy the bots. if a paid blue account engages in spam/scam, that account will be suspended. essentially, this raises the cost of crime on twitter by several orders of magnitude.
absolutely essential. creators need to make a living!
this will also give twitter a revenue stream to reward content creators
exactly
and paywall bypass for publishers willing to work with us
you will also get: - priority in replies, mentions &amp; search, which is essential to defeat spam/scam - ability to post long video &amp; audio - half as many ads
price adjusted by country proportionate to purchasing power parity
twitter’s current lords &amp; peasants system for who has or doesn’t have a blue checkmark is bullshit. power to the people! blue for $8/month.
sonic booms!!
falcon heavy launch in ~30 mins
i will explain the rationale in longer form before this is implemented. it is the only way to defeat the bots &amp; trolls.
we need to pay the bills somehow! twitter cannot rely entirely on advertisers. how about $8?
halloween with my mom
i confess, it’s all my fault
i recommend following for the most accurate understanding of what’s happening with trust &amp; safety at twitter
i hate sarcasm so much you can’t believe it
for now
definitely
looking into it
this is just temporary
twitter’s commitment to brand safety is unchanged
if i had a dollar for every time someone asked me if trump is coming back on this platform, twitter would be minting money!
the guardian used to have balance (moderately left) and integrity, but now it is a far left wing propaganda machine. i hope they get back to where they were one day.
oh no, all our diabolical plans have been revealed!!
what could we do to make it better than tiktok?
interesting
he sucks!!!
bring back vine?
we’ve all made some questionable tweets, me more than most, but i want to be clear that i support yoel. my sense is that he has high integrity, and we are all entitled to our political beliefs.
wachtell &amp; twitter board deliberately hid this evidence from the court. stay tuned, more to come …
all news has bias, some more than others
this is fake – i did *not* tweet out a link to the new york times!
i’ve now been through so many hero to villain cycles i’ve lost count
what an incredible creature!
the whole verification process is being revamped right now
this is false
tweeps will be twits going forward, as the latter has vastly more gravitas
pretty much
there seem to be 10 people “managing” for every one person coding
but management 201 is such a tantalizing carrot …
my title is chief twit right there in the bio. no idea who the ceo is.
so demanding to allow a mere 30 days to learn this priceless information!
just received this email from twitter. this is an actual, real email that was autogenerated 🤣🤣
i will look into this. twitter should be even-handed, favoring neither side.
absolutely
d(he)ll
andrej will always be welcome at tesla
finally, the truth that carbs are amazing can be said on this platform!
fresh baked bread &amp; pastries are some of the great joys of life
good point. being able to select which version of twitter you want is probably better, much as it would be for a movie maturity rating. the rating of the tweet itself could be self-selected, then modified by user feedback.
one of the best trolls ever 🤣🤣
something like this makes sense
ace reporting by 🤣🤣
to be super clear, we have not yet made any changes to twitter’s content moderation policies
sorry about that. fixing as fast as possible!
ligma johnson had it coming 🍆 💦
anyone suspended for minor &amp; dubious reasons will be freed from twitter jail
comedy is now legal on twitter
ye’s account was restored by twitter before the acquisition. they did not consult with or inform me.
twitter will be forming a content moderation council with widely diverse viewpoints. no major content decisions or account reinstatements will happen before that council convenes.
cool!
first i’ve heard
🎶 let the good times roll 🎶
i will be digging in more today
the bird is freed
falcon rockets to orbit as seen from la
🤣 thanks
absolutely
dear twitter advertisers
meeting a lot of cool people at twitter today!
entering twitter hq – let that sink in!
definitely closer to citizen journalism – local news orgs are under-appreciated &amp; should get way more prominence on twitter
nobody bats 1000 🤷‍♂️
a beautiful thing about twitter is how it empowers citizen journalism – people are able to disseminate news without an establishment bias
i’m a big fan of citizen journalism!
“according to unnamed sources close to the matter who wish to remain anonymous” 🤣🤣
“the new york times has emerged as a new, chaotic actor in global politics. the paper’s interventions in some of the world’s most combustible conflicts have sometimes been a boon, but their messaging has also caused problems.”
30% is a lot
concerning
works on any moving land object
fasting rocks
had to do a double-take. this is the first non-fake vitalik tweet i’ve seen in a while.
one man’s hedge is another man’s shrub
true
too much respect for authority inhibits innovation
what lesson took you the longest to unlearn?
twitter should be as broadly inclusive as possible, serving as a fair forum for lively, even if occasionally rancorous, debate between widely divergent beliefs.
absolutely necessary
important
exactly!
yeah, doesn’t make sense
good thread
i only play crazy 9’s
that’s the plan, unless it is damaged in testing. what really matters is that ship &amp; booster production line is spooling up. also, each new ship &amp; booster has incremental design improvements.
yeah, i’m back to spare bedroom /couch surfing at friend’s houses in silicon valley, which i did for about a decade. frankly, i like it this way, as i get to see my friends, who i love, more often.
i did as a child, but found it to be too simple to be useful in real life: a mere 8 by 8 grid, no fog of war, no technology tree, no random map or spawn position, only 2 players, both sides exact same pieces, etc. polytopia addresses these limitations.
and i don’t even own a house, let alone a “mansion”, you douche
while it’s true that kasparov is almost as good at playing chess as my iphone, he is otherwise an idiot
how exciting to be alive at the same time as the largest animal ever! wild that blue whales are bigger than the biggest dinosaur.
you’re most welcome
before dod even came back with an answer, i told that spacex would not turn off starlink even if dod refused to provide funding
absolutely!
interesting
great game
maybe it was a social media algorithm, not even people
think about who might have decided “the current thing” before accepting it
who decides “the current thing?” real question. i don’t know.
exactly. wapo are such hypocrites.
neuralink show &amp; tell now on nov 30
had to be done
we’ve come a long way
i know |nothing| is forever
good point 🤔
this needs to change. manufacturing is awesome!
it will happen
hear! hear!
why are you perpetuating propaganda concocted by the oil &amp; gas industry to distract you from the 6 trillion dollars per *year* of subsidies those companies receive?
switzerland &amp; belgium have great chocolate, but i do also love eccentric british &amp; irish artisanal sweet shops
good thread
next week. it’s actually a major release, so a lot more internal testing is needed before going to public beta.
cool
🤣🤣 although there could be more r&amp;d in candy tbh. feels like there hasn’t been much improvement in decades.
headline is misleading. starlink can obviously offer far more robust positioning than gps, as it will have ~1000x more satellites over time. not all will have line of sight to users, but still &gt;10x gps &amp; far stronger signal. just not today’s problem.
one of my favorite conspiracy theories is that the world is actually 80% men
un ass ailable logic!
you’re right. eventually, we all run out of time.
only giga berlin can make these colors, as paint shop was specially built to apply many fine layers of paint, giving it complexity not otherwise possible
varies a lot. tesla &amp; spacex are in good positions, but many other companies are not. recessions do have a silver lining in that companies that shouldn’t exist stop existing.
those who want putin removed are laboring under the misapprehension that whoever replaces him will be more amenable to peace or western philosophy, but i think this is unlikely – the kremlin is not the nice guy olympics
russia overrunning ukraine would destabilize the entire region, perhaps the world
if russia faced calamitous defeat in conventional warfare for something as strategically critical as crimea, the probability of using nuclear weapons is high
i do. yes.
still very unlikely, but this is the closest we’ve been since cuba in ‘62
just guessing, but probably until spring of ‘24
it sure would be nice to have one year without a horrible global event
“brutal for both sides” will be a common phrase in the months to come
no way
maybe
certainly warrants closer scrutiny
btw, how’s it going in bakhmut?
pretty good troll tbh
*humour
i couldn’t agree more 😜
british humor is the best
compromise is overwhelmingly the most likely outcome – just a question of how much death &amp; destruction happens before then
that should be the nature of the debate
most probable outcome by far is a horrible war of attrition that destroys ukraine &amp; severely damages russia, with massive body count on both sides. and, in the end, the same outcome. so why?
exactly
congrats to team on 48th launch this year! falcon 9 now holds record for most launches of a single vehicle type in a year.
same
exactly
spacex has more active satellites in orbit than rest of earth combined, tracking to double rest of earth soon
the media reports with great fanfare my predictions that are late, but rarely those that come early
accelerating sustainable energy is our primary mission
will require truly exceptional execution, but it is possible
i will not let you down, no matter what it takes
awesome
we even did a starlink video call on one airplane aloft to starlink on another, far away, airplane aloft and it worked perfectly with no lag!
several major architectural upgrades in 10.69.3, so it’s much more than a point release, but we’re sticking with 10.69 just cause haha
sounds fair
definitely giving me kid naming ideas 🤣
and … sold out!
internet in airplanes will feel same as if you were accessing internet at home!
28,700 bottles of exquisite burnt hair perfume already sold! only 1,300 left of this unique, limited edition, collector’s item.
we’re working on it. hope to release something next week.
no money from dod, but several other countries, orgs &amp; individuals are paying for ~11k/25k terminals (thanks!). spacex is losing ~$20m/month due to unpaid service &amp; costs related to enhanced security measures for cyberwar defense, but we’ll keep doing it (sigh).
smart? maybe. does dumb stuff? definitely!
true
exactly
should i make weapons? ideally, not.
an easy prediction
drone war i
(actually) smart summon is almost done
i have a plan
thanks optimus :)
to be precise, 25,300 terminals were sent to ukraine, but, at present, only 10,630 are paying for service
spacex has already withdrawn its request for funding
wrong analogy. america also had a humiliating withdrawal from afghanistan. no one in america sees that country as part of america. crimea *is* seen as a crucial part of russia by russia, much as hawaii is seen as a crucial part of america.
probably not
practice makes perfect …
russia has been punched in the nose and forced to retreat many times by ukraine. but what you don’t want to do is give russia a choice of total, humiliating defeat or nukes – then the probability of them using nukes is high.
obviously many disagree with this logic, but what do they think is their probability of being wrong about ww3. if they say 0%, they are utterly dangerous fools.
but, hey, look on the bright side! at least russia doesn’t get crimea in that scenario, so you can be comforted by that thought, while watching the mushroom clouds rise.
if russia faces destruction of their army and utter defeat by nato, they will use nukes, then nato will respond with nukes and civilization is over
whether one likes it or not, crimea is absolutely seen as a core part of russia by russia. crimea is also of critical national security importance to russia, as it is their southern navy base. from their standpoint losing crimea is like usa losing hawaii &amp; pearl harbor.
exactly
if russia is faced with the choice of losing crimea or using battlefield nukes, they will choose the latter. we’ve already sanctioned/cutoff russia in every possible way, so what more do they have left to lose? if we nuke russia back, they will nuke us and then we have ww3.
exceptionally well-said
standard (non-performance) 3 &amp; y suspension in production now has improved comfort, without affecting handling
yeah, rv version is lower priority than standard version. you should still see high speeds during off hours. is that happening? as we add more satellites &amp; upgrade satellite technology, speeds in high user density locations should see significant increases.
ok, we will add a donate option to starlink
that’s oddly low. normally, much higher.
are there others that want to donate starlinks to places in need?
🤣 that’s happened to me many times
a much quieter leaf blower is possible
this is harder than it sounds, but ok
we are proceeding very carefully. if there is a rud on the pad, starship progress will be set back by ~6 months.
game over when (not if) earth gets hit by an object of that size
used a lot in rocketry
so true
every millipede has its millennia
we should bring back their outfits
good thread
fancy a game of meme tennis?
buy burnt hair from a company that digs holes!
i read this as goth clowns lonely
did you hear about the dyslexic kbg agent – it’s pot secret!
venn diagram intersection of those two audiences is pretty small, i guess
not as popular as i’d hoped (sigh)
pitching my idea once again for a crossover of das boot &amp; boss baby. “das baby” – hijinks on the high seas!
just a scratch, we can buff it out
mostly accurate
the comments in this thread are a conspiracy theorist’s wet dream
7 years ago
definitely one of the strangest meetings i’ve ever experienced. was there too.
i’m trying my hardest to de-escalate this situation and obviously failing
damned if you do, damned if you don’t, so … guess i’m just damned
starship &amp; next-gen starlink satellites are key, but much risk lies ahead before those are working at scale
the hilarious thing is you’re not wrong 🤣
so it goes …
fate loves irony
even so, we should still do good deeds
the hell with it … even though starlink is still losing money &amp; other companies are getting billions of taxpayer $, we’ll just keep funding ukraine govt for free
that dude is not just a “condition of anonymity” spineless coward, he’s also an ignorant fool. starlink was directly requested by the ukraine government, as it was the only thing that worked.
it has required a lot of our resources. going into super lockdown mode slows down new development progress, as we have to resist attacks from a sophisticated adversary actively at war.
dod provided about 3% of the falcon 1 development cost. appreciated, certainly, but should be seen in context.
of course. and their signal jamming systems are also getting better.
the amount spacex is requesting for a major battlefield advantage is less than the cost of one new gps satellite. ironically, gps doesn’t work on battlefields, as the signal is easy to jam, but starlink does.
would be great if someday humanity stopped pointing nukes at itself that would destroy almost all life on earth. in any given year, there is a chance above zero that they will be launched. we are now at the highest risk in 60 years.
curses, foiled again!
accurate
russia has the ability to destroy usa &amp; europe utterly with nuclear missiles in less than 30 minutes &amp; vice versa. a surprising number of people don’t know this. of course, it would be mad to use them, but it is also mad to be in this situation at all.
this has potential
internet fiber, phone lines, cell towers &amp; other space-based comms in war areas have been destroyed. starlink is all that’s left. for now.
thank you for clarifying this 💙🇺🇦💛
starlink is the primary communications system of the ukrainian army on the war front. if anyone else wants this job, please be my guest …
big difference between peace comms vs warfront comms. starlink is only comms system still working at warfront – others all dead. russia is actively trying to kill starlink. to safeguard, spacex has diverted massive resources towards defense. even so, starlink may still die.
concerning
are there citizens of nations who are helping ukraine on this list?
but surely no reasonable person would launch nuclear war? the problem with that logic is if we were dealing with reasonable people, we wouldn’t have war in the first place.
is this list real? what’s the url?
people should never fear turbulence. commercial airliner wings can handle insane amounts of bending.
the right question to ask
we’re just following his recommendation 🤷‍♂️
falcon can probably get starlink past breakeven, but starship is needed to fund mars
in addition to terminals, we have to create, launch, maintain &amp; replenish satellites &amp; ground stations &amp; pay telcos for access to internet via gateways. we’ve also had to defend against cyberattacks &amp; jamming, which are getting harder. burn is approaching ~$20m/month.
also, starlink is still losing money! it is insanely difficult for a leo communications constellation to avoid bankruptcy – that was the fate of every company that tried this before. when asked what the goal of starlink was at a space conference, i said “not go bankrupt”.
maybe the 🐈 got their 👅
very few in iran so far
strange that nothing was leaked about our competitors in space launch &amp; communications, lockheed &amp; boeing, who get over $60b … wouldn’t be surprised to find this particular individual working there when he retires from dod. corruption at its finest.
spacex is not asking to recoup past expenses, but also cannot fund the existing system indefinitely *and* send several thousand more terminals that have data usage up to 100x greater than typical households. this is unreasonable.
vital to the future of consciousness
srsly
next week
envy has driven him to madness
starlink requires nothing except ~50 watt power source. with a small solar system plus battery or a generator, you will have connectivity anywhere.
true
there are some active terminals
of course, this happens almost every day. they successfully destroyed viasat in ukraine several months ago.
starlink has faced relentless jamming attacks &amp; spacex relentless cyberwar. so far, their success has been limited.
noted
starlink data usage growth in ukraine
cool
maybe with .3
this is real
🎯 “my opinion is burnt hair is just elon saying, chill out, have a laugh, and share a laugh.”
oh the irony 🤣🤣
we might need a different name, as this is basically just starlink with roaming capability, so you can take your terminal anywhere.
the counter-intuitive thing is that it’s actually gonna be a sick product!
please buy my perfume, so i can buy twitter
and right on cue 🤣🤣 …
you’re most welcome. glad to support ukraine.
doesn’t get more lit than this!
be the change you want in the world!
can’t wait for media stories tomorrow about $1m of burnt hair sold 🤣
10,000 bottles of burnt hair sold!
over 5000 bottles of burnt hair sold!
with a name like mine, getting into the fragrance business was inevitable – why did i even fight it for so long!?
and you can pay with doge!
the finest fragrance on earth!
nobody should trust bremmer
maybe one day we can finally achieve
the next question one is typically asked is “have you tried ayahuasca?”
not subtle
sam, there is a such a thing as meditating too much
yes, back to regularly scheduled programming
pointless, as there is currently no overlap between russian and ukrainian demands – it’s not even close
no, it is not. i have spoken to putin only once and that was about 18 months ago. the subject matter was space.
talked to ye today &amp; expressed my concerns about his recent tweet, which i think he took to heart
it was built &amp; paid for at my request. hunter &amp; team did great work.
it will
strange
i have no desire to become involved in wars, but it is safe to say that all bets are off if the nukes start flying
strong candidate to win most counter-intuitive product of the year!
important to bear in mind when reading anything
indeed, that kinetic energy scales with the square of velocity is not well-appreciated! a sealed escape pod with a heat shield would probably work.
so many blind spots
there are ~25k terminals in ukraine, but each terminal can be used to provide an internet uplink to a cell phone tower, so potentially several thousand people can be served by a single terminal
coming soon from the
yup, it will float
too busy trying to survive at the time
they were invited to further their career elsewhere
there is a giant 30ft (literal) fork in the road outside the autopilot office in palo alto
i love the inverse poetry of making metaphors literal
that is quite an interesting story. we sent what appeared to be identical emails to all, but each was actually coded with either one or two spaces between sentences, forming a binary signature that identified the leaker.
because it runs recursively
nuclear war probability is rising rapidly
an eye for an eye leaves everyone blind
perhaps we can talk again today?
true, starlink provided a decisive battlefield advantage
i’ve been up all night trying to think of any possible way to de-escalate this war
feels so long ago. a pleasant memory :)
double-header
agreed
beautiful
welcome back to twitter, my friend!
dojo uses bf16, so actual performance difference vs 64 bit is much less than it would seem, since you truncate so many useless zeroes &amp; round from there
two dragons on
can’t wait to see this beast in action!
even better build coming next week
quite a few. trying to do the right thing, which is not always clear.
i am in regular contact with fedorov
bad reporting by ft. this article falsely claims that starlink terminals &amp; service were paid for, when only a small percentage have been. this operation has cost spacex $80m &amp; will exceed $100m by end of year. as for what’s happening on the battlefield, that’s classified.
starlink will provide the vast majority of bandwidth from space
you’d need an electric propeller mounted on the tow hitch to go faster than a few knots. there might a creative wheel hub design that can generate meaningful thrust.
norway rocks! ♥️♥️ 🇳🇴 🇳🇴
in case you missed tesla ai day 2022
satellite constellation capability comes down to tonnage to orbit per year times capability per ton
spacex dragon docking with (extended video)
very intense 7 days indeed
personally, i like the latter, but to each their own
i think being able to dial the content you see from “warm &amp; fuzzy” all the way to “bring it on mf!” is the way to go
software engineering, server operations &amp; design will rule the roost
there will be very rapid product evolution
500 mile range &amp; super fun to drive
excited to announce start of production of tesla semi truck with deliveries to on dec 1st!
tiny helium leak (just barely triggered abort), but we take no risks with customer satellites. standing down to investigate.
agreed
plot twist!
elon liking his own tweets liking his own tweets …
dragon is now docked to
video
starlink view of 2nd stage deorbit burn
i will try my best
i’m a big fan of ukraine, but not of ww3
cute. you can get surprisingly close to a wild baby rhino &amp; mom if you stay downwind.
there are no angels in war.
accurate assessment
correct
so they’re saying that not buying twitter is bad, but also buying twitter is bad!?
we talked via videoconference last year
war is the ultimate supreme court
kherson and zaporizhzhia almost certainly do not want to join russia – annexation of those regions was done to ensure a land bridge and water supply to crimea
obviously, not everyone who voted for the pro-russia party wanted to join russia, but it would also be inaccurate to say that none did.
below is the electoral map of 2012. blue is the pro-russia party.
assuming you believe that the will of the people matters, we should, in any given conflict region, support the will of those who live there. most of ukraine unequivocally wants to be part of ukraine, but some eastern portions have russian majorities and prefer russia.
first of all, tesla hasn’t had that consumer tax credit for years &amp; we didn’t ask for this one – gm &amp; ford did
another batch of starlinks in orbit, 7 hours after the astronaut launch
that wouldn’t be hard to do
twitter is an accelerant to fulfilling the original vision
i do not think it is simple at all, but i have yet to hear any realistic path to peace. ukraine has achieved many brilliant tactical victories, but should be wary of overconfidence leading to strategic defeat. when russia fully mobilizes, millions on both sides will die.
10.69.3 will actually be a major upgrade. we’re keeping .69 just because haha.
twitter probably accelerates x by 3 to 5 years, but i could be wrong
buying twitter is an accelerant to creating x, the everything app
should be noted that starlink is still far from cash flow positive. all leo communications constellations to date have gone bankrupt, so any support is super helpful.
a small number of terminals were paid for by the govt, vast majority were not. this is just another bs wapo hit piece.
i still very much support ukraine, but am convinced that massive escalation of the war will cause great harm to ukraine and possibly the world.
we gave starlinks to ukraine &amp; lost $80m+ in doing so, while putting spacex &amp; myself at serious risk of russian cyberattack. what have you done besides tweet?
spacex’s out of pocket cost to enable &amp; support starlink in ukraine is ~$80m so far. our support for russia is $0. obviously, we are pro ukraine. trying to retake crimea will cause massive death, probably fail &amp; risk nuclear war. this would be terrible for ukraine &amp; earth.
in other news, remote controlled anal beads sold out everywhere
that referendum was questionable, which is why i suggested repeating it under un (or other trusted entity) supervision
great, offer a un supervised vote and if russia refuses, then war it is
maybe a similar approach to kosovo
no, i’m suggesting voting under un (or pick your most trusted entity or country) supervision
russia is doing partial mobilization. they go to full war mobilization if crimea is at risk. death on both sides will be devastating. russia has &gt;3 times population of ukraine, so victory for ukraine is unlikely in total war. if you care about the people of ukraine, seek peace.
you are assuming that i wish to be popular. i don’t care. i do care that millions of people may die needlessly for an essentially identical outcome.
let’s try this then: the will of the people who live in the donbas &amp; crimea should decide whether they’re part of russia or ukraine
cheese is amazing
indeed. biggest bot attack i’ve ever seen.
the bot attack on this poll is strong!
the will of the people should decide whether they are part of russia or ukraine, but russia invaded areas that would unequivocally choose to be part of ukraine
also worth noting that a possible, albeit unlikely, outcome from this conflict is nuclear war
this is highly likely to be the outcome in the end – just a question of how many die before then
ukraine-russia peace: - redo elections of annexed regions under un supervision. russia leaves if that is will of the people. - crimea formally part of russia, as it has been since 1783 (until khrushchev’s mistake). - water supply to crimea assured. - ukraine remains neutral.
that is my assessment too
well-said! also, we try to operate the team as non-hierarchically as possible &amp; allow movement between project areas, so you don’t get pigeon-holed.
i’m trying my hardest! perhaps more people might consider loving humanity. our collective light of consciousness is a tiny candle in a vast darkness. please do not let it go out.
optimus will be sickkk
would be cool to make a game using tesla sim that’s literally your city &amp; neighborhood, down to skid marks on road &amp; then inject fantasy/sci-fi elements
occasionally
and people wonder why i sometimes think we’re in a simulation …
144 trillion operations per second
the embarrassing hose down photos were highly motivating tbh
tunneled under the road from one property to another. this is to test the new machine.
unfortunately, snail is still faster, but tbc might beat snail by end of 2024
prufrock ii emerging from the ground
but between now and then, we do actually need to work hard
i don’t care about boosting the stock, but the economic implications are obvious
do not let ancient grudge break to new mutiny
so many talented russians in america
customer experience suffers when there is an end of quarter rush. steady as she goes is the right move.
war always gives ample reason for vengeance for all sides. only by overcoming this instinct can there be peace.
smoothing out crazy end of quarter delivery wave to reduce expedite costs &amp; relieve stress on tesla team. aiming for steadier deliveries intra-quarter.
it’s funny reading simultaneous criticism that it’s already been done, but also it’s impossible 🤣
thanks, we have a great team
beautiful
exactly
recording of tesla ai day 2022
join
a little
that and giving it a brain
and wegovy
anyone with the attitude of that pentagon official needs to look for a new job
we are on the event horizon of the singularity
sounds great
exactly
interesting
this was made using . the standard is asking for in a response is literally this low. extremely troubling that some parts of government think this is too much!! what is wrong with them??
many do not read their email at all
hypocrisy
grok 3 is becoming superhuman
suicidal empathy
interesting
exactly
that’s all it would take for real 😂
correct
it is
crucial or california will go bankrupt
download the dedicated app
they are covering immense fraud
true. america is already there.
what did you get done this week?
as many people have said, why pay terrorist organizations and certain countries to hate us when they’re perfectly willing to do it for free?
yeah
why it is vital to solve the deficit
should all federal employees be required to send a short email with some basic bullet points about what they accomplished last week?
if that is true, why am i so dumb?
and download the dedicated app
tesla self-driving feels like magic
it is trivial to game iq tests and get an extremely high score once you learn to mentally model the test makers. we are all extremely dumb compared to the advent digital superintelligence that is happening in real-time.
fuck you, i’m not a liar. you are.
beautiful
cool
yeah
true
this email is a very basic pulse check
the reason this matters is that a significant number of people who are supposed to be working for the government are doing so little work that they are not checking their email at all! in some cases, we believe non-existent people or the identities of dead people are being used
this is a trivial task
yeah
a large number of good responses have been received already. these are the people who should be considered for promotion.
try voice mode and personalities
an incredible week!
yes, strange indeed
indeed, this takes less than 5 mins
exactly
but have you tried grok? 😂
yeah
to be clear, the bar is very low here. an email with some bullet points that make any sense at all is acceptable! should take less than 5 mins to write.
what did you get done last week?
grok voice early beta is now available on the app. this is early beta, so expect issues (that will be resolved fast), but it’s still awesome.
that would be a very impressive and long list indeed for you! however, the passing grade is literally just “can you send an email with words that make any sense at all?”. it’s a low bar.
this will be fun 🚀🚀
doesn’t add up
exactly
good
cool
good idea
as expected
vox will win the next election
maybe fafo can be the enforcement arm of
foreign countries executing us citizens is unacceptable, especially while demanding hundred of billions of dollars. period.
cool
so awesome
cool
some people just love doing crime
grok is and continues to improve. the results are based on a version of grok that is 2 weeks old. significant improvements since then.
good analysis
lives off campus
yikes!
the alt 😂
significant improvements to grok happening this weekend
jd is awesome
true, even a tiny effort will work!
post your best unhinged nsfw grok posts to this thread!
that’s what i get for foolishly believing reuters again!
sounds like something they’d say!
don’t believe everything you hear!
this will be fun for everyone!
what do we need to improve most urgently? even the smallest details would be helpful to hear.
i’m tempted to call this guy a retard, but i won’t because i’ve used that word too many times
whoa!
everything is called x 😂
we live in the best timeline
it works
parag got nothing done. parag was fired.
probably something like that 😂
consistent with president ’s instructions, all federal employees will shortly receive an email requesting to understand what they got done last week. failure to respond will be taken as a resignation.
it’s way its expiry date!
so wrong
cool, rapid evolution of 3d game creation using !
true
this is false. reuters is lying. they are second only to ap (associated propaganda) as legacy news liars.
raskin reeks of corruption
download the grok standalone app
actually true
good question
i will strive to be less retarded … this is a difficult challenge 😅
exactly
beauty is real
bring back humor!!
zelensky has been fired from his acting job
the woke radical left are
this judge needs to be impeached
impeach!
needs to be done
cool
time to go to mars
exactly
it’s a giant mess of incompetence and corruption
absolutely
the ngos are also funded by the government
true
will do, mr. president!
voice conversations
good idea
grok voice mode, remembering and many other improvements rolling out this weekend
how many times must this happen?
one thing is for sure, it is not boring!
maybe eating that eyeball allowed him to “see” the error of his ways 😳
cool
true
civilization death mind virus
zelensky should not have murdered an american journalist. he didn’t even understand why that was bad.
exactly
the biden administration stole fema money that was meant for american hurricane victims and spent it on luxury hotels for illegals in new york! this is deeply morally wrong and a criminal action.
this is a great approach
the executive branch must necessarily be subject to the will of the president, given that he is the elected representative of the people. otherwise, we do not live in a democracy, but rather a bureaucracy.
new logo, who dis?
people in the rest of the world have no idea how bad it is
true
what the fuck!?
true
congratulations!!
the last time i raised my hand, i got into trouble 😂 but yeah, working on ai.
we can fix it this weekend
no one at work
great!
spacex falcon just completed its 450th flight successfully
but you already sold out (at a discount)
happens to millions of people every year in america
i’m told that his account was temporarily suspended for music copyright violations. this is required by copyright law.
significant features and bug fixes coming to grok 3 this weekend
yeah glass is the way
messed up
cleaning up the government
tip of the iceberg
soros &amp; usaid undermining democracy in romania
exactly
he’s projecting
every bleeding-heart liberal i talk to about the russia-ukraine war wants to keep feeding bodies into the meat grinder forever. they have no plan for success. superficial empathy, not real empathy.
true
they all got the same instructions simultaneously
live by the sword, die by the sword
memory stack overflow in their brain 😂
really 100%? wow
the world will be better for this
best bureaucracy is no bureaucracy
only afd can save germany
absolutely
cool
the hammer of justice
great!
population collapse
try grok deepsearch
450 falcon flights
it’s true 😂
no thinking person will agree with another person about all things. it would require 100% axiomatic consistency and reasoning conclusion probability.
because the legacy media is the far left
people want the truth
because the legacy media has been receiving the fraud money. that’s why.
zelensky has been fired from his acting job
it’s a sure sign that anyone pardoned by biden is a criminal
russia went too far 3 years ago, now the ukrainian government has gone too far. endless death in trenches is wrong and anyone who continues to push that lacks both empathy and a brain.
my irish friends are awesome! 🇮🇪
no matter what, we should reduce funding to them
absolutely
true
there have been two years of death in trenches for no meaningful changes in the borders. hundreds of billions of dollars have been spent, with much it going to feed corruption. the fundamental moral question is this: how many more years of death in trenches and billions of
excessive laws and regulations result in almost everything being illegal, enabling the government to engage in selective enforcement. they can then take any company down for political reasons, aka lawfare.
grok 3 can make any arcade game you can think of. this year, we will add the ability to apply high resolution imagery. i think we’ve got a shot at making a aaa game sometime next year. join us to make it happen!
this would have happened in america if president had not won
well said
the biden administration launched a massive multi-year lawsuit against spacex for not hiring asylum seekers, despite the fact that spacex is legally barred from hiring non-permanent residents under itar, because rockets are an advanced weapons technology. in other words, it was
noted
yes, he does. he is an idiot who publicly attacked me, despite having no idea what actually happened. btw, your brother claims to be independent, but is just a dem donor shill.
the fake news strikes again
restoring solvency to america is essential to protect social security &amp; medical care
it is
fraudsters complain the loudest
absolutely
ap stands for associated propaganda
hypersonic
exactly
less than 10%?
legacy media lies relentlessly
true
isn’t it strange that they never get doxxed? 🤔
yeah, what’s going on?
exactly!
yeah
same 😂
always
yeah
interesting
this is cool
the tesla factory is the product. the cybercab production line is like nothing else in the automotive industry.
great!
this is me in 2011 😂
now, it’s just a matter of scaling up the graphics resolution for grok to do better than aaa games. grok 3 is already capable of vastly better npc dialog.
the cartels obviously control the government in mexico, so she has no choice but to say that. but terrorists get drone strikes as a matter of us policy. that’s just a fact.
cool
true
good
true
the spoils of battle!!
i mean …
i am become meme
biggest scam ever!
the ratings on a live broadcast of fort knox would be 🔥🔥
true
i did tbh ☺️
this is a real picture
legalize comedy
massive eu censorship!!
interesting
try grok voice in unhinged mode 😂
shifting people from low to negative productivity jobs in the government sector to high productivity roles in the commercial sector will greatly improve the average standard of living
congratulations!
exactly
adam schiff is a criminal
it’s their wet dream
these people are psychopaths
cool
the decision is up to the president, but my recommendation is as soon as possible. i recommend 2 years from now.
a significant percentage of the money “sent to ukraine” actually ended up benefitting us politicians, the dnc and some republicans. that’s why zelensky says he only received half the money.
it is time to begin preparations for deorbiting the . it has served its purpose. there is very little incremental utility. let’s go to mars.
you are the liar. and the people you cite were not party to the discussions. liar.
and this so-called “commander” doesn’t know his ass from a hole in the ground. dude has no clue what’s really going on. he’s a passenger.
price was never even discussed! they flatly refused. we would have made it work within the annual budget. the real issue is that they did not want positive press for someone who supported trump. that’s it. end of story.
for sure
seems shiffty
you’re losing credibility with this. either zelensky holds an election to prove that he represents the will of the people or he is a dictator.
there must be some solution that is not constant daily death of ukrainian men in trenches
wow, the public outrage is high 🤣🤣
unfortunately, is increasingly being gamed by governments &amp; legacy media. working to fix this … it should be utterly obvious that a zelensky-controlled poll about his own approval is not credible!! if zelensky was actually loved by the people of ukraine, he
yeah!
politicians &amp; media encouraging violence is not ok. that’s what resulted in the president being shot.
sick burn 🔥🤣
never forget
absolutely
thanks, michael!
why no american flags?
npcs do as they’re programmed to do
cool
legacy media lies relentlessly
this guy is a tyrant, not a judge
exactly
what are the issues with the red cross? most people don’t know.
you are fully retarded. spacex could have brought them back several months ago. i offered this directly to the biden administration and they refused. return was pushed back for political reasons. idiot.
fraudsters complain the loudest when you take away their fraud
true
this community note is false. spacex could have brought the astronauts back last year, but biden pushed the return past the inauguration date. legacy media is not a reliable source.
the most out-of-the-box thinking is realizing you’re trapped in a box created by others. only then can you escape the box to another box. repeat.
legacy media are mostly just puppets, with massive influence by the state. the amount of money that is discovering going from government to fake “independent” media is shocking.
you can improve the graphics just by asking grok to do so btw. we’re starting work on integrating dynamically-created high-resolution graphics, so that you can make photo-realistic games that evolve differently for every player. join the team!
try grok voice mode and change the personality to whatever you want. it’s awesome 😎
cool
that was a wake-up call. tyranny was closer than we thought.
grok is ! our incredible voice mode is what will sustain the lead.
yeah
vp vance is right. nf offers no actual solution, besides continue the carnage that kills men every day for almost no change in borders. this conflict is heartless and cruel – a meat grinder feeding a money graft machine.
a whole new nasa building in dc makes no sense
it is the only way
wait, biden wasn’t in control!? no way 😂
grok has real-time knowledge. big difference.
this is without voice mode and many other features coming out in the next few days
child abuse
thanks :)
so many
cool
beautiful blade
so many dead over the past two years for battle lines that barely moved
he did this while kids are dying in trenches on the war front
so crazy!
good question
yeah
confirm kash!
a livestream of fort knox would be 🔥🔥
for a short time, grok 3 is available for free to all!
so many scams stealing your hard-earned taxpayer money!
nice
yeah
this is crazy
norm eisen is a huge tool
there are good people in the government who want to eliminate fraud &amp; waste. amazingly, leland was fired by social security administration upper management for helping find taxpayer savings. can you believe that?? thanks to president trump, leland was brought back right
the president confirmed tonight that he supports this idea!
cool
i never mentioned a specific dollar figure. just said that i would see if the president wanted to consider a tax reduction linked to doge savings. he may or he may not. the amount would therefore obviously be proportionate to how much savings doge actually achieves. more
good
good question
yes an extreme sense of urgency helps too
zelensky killed an american journalist!
grok 3 images
zelensky cannot claim to represent the will of the people of ukraine unless he restores freedom of the press and stops canceling elections!
best vp ever and hopefully our future president
so cruel 😂
reality is indistinguishable from parody
that means they’re eligible for drone strikes
kickbacks
the house dems are trying to hide the biggest fraud in history
more and more breakthroughs with quantum computing …
fidias is worth listening to
it can get way more crazy. try asking grok to add more features, like making the asteroids turn into mario turtles when shot. combine donkey kong and asteroids! etc
it’s that easy
who were the pilots?
the government is overspending. it is bankrupting america and must stop.
what would you do if you were the us president?
we need to balance the budget as first priority
that’s my direct observation so many times
the american people realized the truth
well, then he should be excited about holding an election if he’s so popular!
exactly
try our new grok 3 image generator
guess so
thanks for subscribing!
grok will also be offered as a standalone application for the macos and windows
i had a similar experience. covid itself was nothing. i got the og wuhan strain before vaccines were out. j&amp;j vaccine hurt my arm, but otherwise nothing. but the mrna booster hit extremely hard. massive chest pain. felt like i got hit by a truck. almost went to hospital.
no more
sound argument
demographics is destiny
you can now download grok as its own dedicated app
not bad. what could we improve?
cape town is essentially a beautiful theme park and is generally kept safe for the tourists, so staying in the tourist areas is probably ok. other parts of the country can be extremely dangerous for a woman traveling alone with no gun. if visiting a trusted friend, listen very
btw, grok 2 is still being used to explain 𝕏 posts. that will update to grok 3 in a day or two.
plausible
true
with our little 20 watt meat computers
that is good logic 😂
grok will improve almost every day
10 earth-mars transfer windows are needed to make mars self-sustaining, ideally at least 20. 1/4 to 1/2 century.
within a few years, almost no one will want a car without full self-driving
cool
kickbacks
democracy &gt;&gt; bureaucracy
so crazy
the scamdemic
any links online?
uh oh
the issue is not finite resources on earth. there is always some extinction risk due to self-annihilation, such as nuclear war, or natural annihilation, like the asteroid that destroyed the dinosaurs. having two planets means that all our eggs are not in one basket. from
blastar was about defending earth against aliens. maybe that would be a good game to start with . start with a crushing defeat of earth and work your way up from there to taking the alien home world.
video game journalists suck
given that we are supposed to be defending democracy, there should be democracy
make video games great again!
we just can’t be one of those lame one-planet civilizations
💯 i can even fix wifi.
super fast
* in one piece
cool
for real
and it continues to improve
great work by a talented team!
they are hiding the biggest fraud ever
it is indeed an oxymoron
pretty soon, it just won’t get any answers wrong
it will be. just need to initialize the xai/grok variable in the public mind space, then we can assign this image to it.
this is existential
join us to make revolutionary video games using ai. the potential for a dynamically generated video game using ai is incredible!
eventually
we should take the set of actions most likely to maximize the lifespan and scale of conscious. if it means solving government issues, then that’s what we must do. that is the foundational logic to .
cool
yeah 🇺🇸
true
seriously 😂😂
cybertruck is apocalypse-level safe
so unfair 😂
system was incorrectly serving grok 2 instead of grok 3
congratulations team!
congrats
this is the first time that a rocket has taken off from one country, gone to space and landed in another country!
obviously, the president is the commander-in-chief, so this is entirely up to him
you can use grok in the 𝕏 app, download the dedicated grok app or go directly to the grok website. the latest functionality will be on the grok website, as that does not require approval from apple or android, which can add up to a week of delay.
will check with the president
because it breaks their whole sense of identity
how based is grok, you might ask?
great thread about !
thanks, ari! ❤️
fundamental to the scientific method is that the “science” is always subject to question and never settled! upon reexamination, we will discover that, in some cases, long-accepted “scientific wisdom” was wrong.
btw, you can improve the graphics resolution simply by asking grok to do so. we’re working on being able to integrate photo-realistic graphics into ai games for the game studio.
i love ’s interviews! precise and funny.
crazy
wow, they are so filled with hate and prejudice!
what’s wrong with this account?
and the sequel
progress
subscribe to premium+ to get the world’s smartest ai!
any of your federal taxpayer money that could possibly be spent on importing illegals was spent on doing so
yeah
true
interesting
the grok 3 release will improve rapidly every day this week. please report any issues as a reply to this post.
where did the money come from? 🤔
“try thinking” 😂
good progress
i’m just trying to add some beauty to my feed in between politics, ai, cars &amp; mars 😂
if caruso, who is very competent, had been elected mayor, he would have saved thousands of homes that are now gone. no question. competence in elected officials matters.
this is a deliberate strategy by democrats to use government handouts to attract and retain illegal immigrants, as illegals vote overwhelmingly democrat. in new york and many other parts of the country, illegals are alreadt allowed to vote in local elections. as they become
this is how you can tell the swamp is being drained
heartless beasts that we are, is indeed going to take away healthcare from dead people 😂
seriously
correct
yeah
the best evidence that the swamp is actually being drained
and grok 3 coming soon
further progress is expected this week
unhinged funny grok coming tomorrow
true
might be worth trying welireg
maximally truth-seeking
this will blow your mind
tunnels ftw
it’s a start
true
as foretold in the prophecy
it will be super funny. stay tuned.
much more than scaling is happening
tempting fate is never wise
that’s a good sign
i can still see her walking towards me
did you try voice mode?
all you need to know to understand which company will win a technology competition is look at the first and second derivatives of the rate of innovation
such a crazy high monetary incentive per homeless person means the homeless problem will be maximized, not minimized
so true 😂
grok 3 presentation starting shortly
given the strong tendency of ai companies to become the opposite of their name, calling it safe super intelligence is tempting fate!
indeed
great!
people actually pay money to go to this? 🤣
voice mode is still a little patchy, so probably launches in about a week, but it’s awesome
exactly
progress!
ap stands for associated propaganda!
yup, totally insane
there is no doge facebook page. associated propaganda is lying.
congrats!
please identify which safety personnel were fired and we will bring them back immediately. to the best of our knowledge, no one affecting safety has been fired.
romania deserves its own sovereignty! 🇷🇴
doing our best to fight for the people!
they are protesting against the actual democratic will of the people. they are on the moral low ground!
spraying paint into someone’s face is not ok!
major improvement in treasury payment integrity going live! this was a combined effort of , and . nice work by all.
it would be cool for the public to see what so much gold looks like. it is theirs, after all! hopefully, the storage facility has above zero style.
my rough estimate is that it’s ~80% lack of competence/caring and ~20% fraud. but that’s still a lot of fraud!
this is what competent leadership looks like
this would be super cool
i love the people. we just want to fix the waste and fraud that is bankrupting the country. the scrutiny on me is extreme, so it’s not like i could “get away” with something, nor do i have any incentive to do so.
this gold is the property of the american people. i sure hope it’s still there!
jackpot 🎰 🤩
good question
president won a majority of the country, so they’re the ones advocating tyranny
looking for the gold at fort knox …
this is happening nationally via fraud
exactly
absolutely
they love the low blows
the real reason so many democrats are upset about entitlements (social security, medical, etc) fraud investigations is that they are using your taxpayer money as handouts to attract and retain illegal immigrants. their future voters. that’s what it’s all about. truth.
bruh, if i wanted to rummage through random personal shit, i could have done that at paypal. hello??? having tens of millions of people marked in social security as “alive” when they are definitely dead is a huge problem. obviously. some of these people would have been alive
i think this is the last chance for germany
yeah!
who is confirming that gold wasn’t stolen from fort knox? maybe it’s there, maybe it’s not. that gold is owned by the american public! we want to know if it’s still there.
they are going way too far. a man was actually murdered by luigi and they tried to kill the president twice. this is not ok at all.
advocating murder of the president is a serious crime and they have the gall to do so on president’s day! letting know about this.
what is doing is similar to clinton/gore dem policies of the 1990s. the current dem party has just gone so crazy far left that it isn’t recognizable anymore!
yeah, that’s so mean of them!
crazy!
hardly a surprise
cool
true
it’s true
ahem, what do you think this is for?
she’s just a talking puppet. whoever produced the show and wrote the bullshit is the one actually responsible.
what’s super weird is that the pointed out years ago that millions of dead people were tagged as alive by social security, but nothing was done!
that’s the real question 🙋‍♂️
more of your tax dollars saved
their propaganda can be entertaining at times
every time 😂
offer still stands. come on, do it …
interesting
defund wokipedia!
yeah
where is norm eisen getting all money from? maybe the internet can tell us 🤔
exactly. america is going bankrupt from extreme levels of government spending. either radical action is taken or we’re toast.
no amount of virtue-signaling can hide your corruption, billy 🤡
noted. does blockimg them not work?
ai movies will be wild!
that for sure is happening, just a question of magnitude
what were those “incriminating books”? they sound incriminating.
funniest thing i’ve heard in a long time 🤣🤣
cool
exactly
so great
yes, seriously
what are you trying to hide, norm? any of that money happen to reach your pockets or your organizations?
good point 🤔
if vp vance and sec hegseth vouch for someone, that carries a lot of weight
the kids understand
what happened here?
yeah, at this point, anyone who believes them after they’ve been caught lying every day is just … not very smart 🤷‍♂️
awesome 😎
absolutely! throwing people in prison for memes or because they insulted a politician in germany is madness. 🤡 🌎
for some reason, i find the history of genghis kahn particularly interesting 😉
true
they need to be impeached
it would be cool to do a live video walkthrough of fort knox!
seriously
do it!
usaid was funding dei abroad while america goes broke at home …
so much harder for legacy media to lie now
true
exactly!! they destroyed the art. no forgiveness.
from a friend: “bret taylor is a scammer running an agents startup that literally has no product whatsoever and is funneling money into openai. he just does bureaucracy.” 🤣🤣
the splc is yet another scam. no more mooching off the taxpayer for them.
the logic flow diagram for the social security system looks insane. no one person actually knows how it works. the payment files that move between social security and treasury have significant inconsistencies that are not reconciled. it’s wild.
they grow up so fast 🥰
i am endlessly amused by the infinite indignities i suffer on the very platform that i own
as a friend of mine described it, this is like an amazing puzzle, uncovering the secrets of an ancient civilization that went extinct … except it’s still around 😂
it’s got to be done. make video games great again!
well, well, well
we hit the bullseye. more to come.
of course
yeah
true
there will be so many bots
true, it’s hard to beat medical fraud. that’s the champ.
indeed
it’s time …
good point, the word “fucktards” gives them too much respect
60 mins is just fully a scam
these fucktards have destroyed video games
it’s looking good!
yeah
seriously. pathetic.
60 mins is a scam
people also don’t know how to get places in cities without digital maps &amp; gps
yeah
and i am
yeah
yeah, 60 mins lied in a futile attempt to change the outcome of the election
it’s not canceled. stop saying bullshit.
there will be so many robots
is wrong
america is drowning in debt, but still corrupt democrats want it to continue …
true
the number of us citizens eligible for social security is closer to 310m
if accurate, these are grounds for impeachment of the judge
everybody dies, but not everybody lives
thank the lord that america has freedom of speech!
this might be the biggest fraud in the history of humanity
so crazy
exactly
true
quite a few, i suspect
yes, there are far more “eligible” social security numbers than there are citizens in the usa. this might be the biggest fraud in history.
yeah
oops 😅 back to work i go! this was just too spicy not to post 😂
💯😂 it’s not like he has a job!
reasoning from first principles is a superpower
according to the social security database, these are the numbers of people in each age bucket with the death field set to false! maybe twilight is real and there are a lot of vampires collecting social security 🤣🤣
seriously 😐
60 mins are such liars. as the community note states, all employees were offered 8 months of pay &amp; benefits.
interesting thread
progress
for now
60 mins are evil liars
the safety of air travel is a non-partisan matter. spacex engineers will help make air travel safer.
please dm the doge handles to report government waste and fraud
suicidal empathy, as would say
60 minutes are the biggest liars in the world! they engaged in deliberate deception to interfere with the last election. they deserve a long prison sentence.
very interesting
that’s why they call him “shutdown schumer” …
seems high
seriously
absolutely critical to stop the massive government fraud and waste!
exactly
if the federal spending deficit is not fixed, america will go bankrupt
this is exactly what is happening at massive scale!!
true
grinding down the mountain of oppressive regulation will unlock great prosperity!
exactly
ironically, yes. democrats: “everyone is hitler, except hamas!” 🤣🤣
it’s messed up
this is domestic terrorism and will be treated as such, as said
wow, they’re totally insane. death threats, shooting up tesla stores and burning down superchargers are definitely not “legitimate forms of protest”!
the dirty tricks campaign against me &amp; my companies happened exactly as predicted
the democrat strategy really does default to “everyone is hitler” 🤣🤣
correct
progress
interesting thread
catastrophic population collapse
true
thank you 🫡 🇺🇸
well done!
this attitude is destroying delaware
true
i agree!
turns out that the team is basically just dems from 15 years ago
cool parrot
nice
true
good thread
while lil x is using me as a racetrack for his monster truck 😂
logical 🤔
big money
major problem!
😂 fine, i will follow them again
that would be great. we need a socrates bot powered by grok!
if their funding is affected, they will take action
impressive. my hat is off to what amazon has accomplished with aws.
exciting, but also worrying
cybertruck eats pickup trucks for breakfast with a side of bacon
it is an armored personnel carrier from the future
yeah
haven’t seen it yet
looking forward to seeing the images!
it’s definitely going to open. sites under construction will be completed and we will add additional superchargers anywhere where there are gaps.
so great that the biden administration is forgiving her student loans yay
“let them eat erewhon”
yeah
tesla still plans to grow the supercharger network, just at a slower pace for new locations and more focus on 100% uptime and expansion of existing locations
don’t post leaks of confidential information and expect me to follow
cool
i personally wrote the first national maps, directions, yellow pages &amp; white pages on the internet in the summer of 1995 in c with a little c++. didn’t use a “web server” to save cpu cycles (just read port 8080 directly). couldn’t afford a cisco t1 router, so wrote an emulator
based. i hope he has great security.
ancient times
please post your videos directly to this platform
must be more to it than that. japan is experiencing an accelerating collapse in population.
sigh
not me. i will live and die in america. (some possibility of dying on mars, hopefully not on impact)
they could make the patty a little bigger from paper thin where it is these days
being polite &amp; considerate is the patriarchy?
that headline is absurd. no one gets fired for sleeping on the floor. i personally do so!
notes ftw 🙌
💊 based
exactly
the forever war
who hired this limp biscuit?
yeah, 90% of the legacy press is a biden cheering squad
yeah
that is the key question
notes ftw
true
exactly
congrats team on completing the 30th crs dragon mission to and from !
based
truly
spacex team will make it happen
the mental tools of physics are a superpower that applies to anything, not just physics
i did partly pick it because 8/8 is a lucky number in china! also, the birthday of my triplets, who are now 17.
rip amy
subscribing to support free speech is much appreciated
exactly
yeah
what are we teaching kids these days?
true!
cool
looks great tbh
wrong
the astronauts were only supposed to be up there for 8 days and now have been there for 8 months. spacex could have sent up another dragon and brought them home 6 months ago, but the biden white house (not nasa) refused to allow it. president trump asked to bring them back as
major problem
makes sense
sex change surgery severely harms mental health
there are still almost twice as many credit/purchasing cards as people in the government, and the limits are $10,000! a lot of shady expenditures happening.
an excellent choice for director!
really?
yeah
good
true
interesting
cool
if daylight savings time change is canceled, do you prefer
cool
the level of propaganda at elite universities would make north korea jealous!
because your observations are accurate and interesting
as demented as it sounds, that is actually the reason they give
if america falls, we all go down with the ship
there is way too much hate coming from the left. not even cheering for a kid who survived brain cancer? that’s cruel.
seriously
many parents who would have lost a son and children who would have lost a father will be eternally grateful
i think this will be the most efficient and fastest pcb line in the world later year. less than 2 second cycle time.
next, she’ll try to claim that i’m not the dogefather! can someone please ask her if i’m that and capture her expression on camera? 🤣
exactly
after tonight, i am increasingly convinced that we can get to 60 senators
try unhinged voice on app 🤣🤣
🇺🇸 we will do the right thing 🇺🇸
🇺🇸🇺🇸 epic speech by ! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
unreal
the only flag being waved and the only cheer by democrats was for another country. they hate america.
you’re right 💯
great night
the low t level section 😂
true
unreal
the president was kind enough to lend me a tie 😂
🤡 show
damaging the property of others, aka vandalism, is not free speech!
interesting
the oldest living american is naomi whitehead, who is 114 years old
should note that i grew up as english south african, not afrikaans, and consider myself to be simply an american. no hyphen. that said, what’s happening in south africa is deeply wrong. not what mandela intended at all.
wow, some impressive use of here!
what percentage of gdp?
so recent
yeah, it’s bleak
important to note that the date of publication of the half trillion dollar annual fraud estimate from is last year during the biden administration
it works
the list of people who do not want to buy tiktok is much smaller than the list who do
be careful what you wish for
cool
sorry 🤗 🤷‍♂️ 😂
unhinged voice is next-level 🤣🤣
i love that trick. works every time 😂
stole a million dollars of taxpayer money? 🤔
the budget for paid protests is running low
making govt waste an offer it can’t refuse
they need to return the money
strong men make good times
el salvador is actually very safe
a lot of people need to move from low to negative productivity roles in government (and some in industry) to high productivity roles in the commercial sector. that is temporarily disruptive, but ultimately for the best.
same thought crossed my mind
such lazy puppets smh
unlike the 23 dem senators too lazy even to pick up a thesaurus, president is his own person
23 dem senators too lazy even to reach for the thesaurus 🤣🤣
how many of the puppets below also have a picture with soros? high correlation, i bet.
the public now knows that they’re all just puppets with no mind of their own 🤡🤡
something to think about
my statement is accurate that the rules are asymmetric. canadian banks can operate at scale in the us, but us banks are not allowed to operate at scale in canada. just controlled opposition.
exactly
exactly
he is rather mercantile
accurate
let’s find out
actions, not words, are what matter. let’s see what actions take place.
now we’re up to 22 dem senators all doing the same cringe video simultaneously! i will buy a cybertruck for anyone can provide proof of who wrote this particular piece of propaganda. first person to post proof in the replies to this post gets the truck!
did adam schiff commit treason? sounds like he did.
yeah, i just actually want to know!
17 politicians all saying the exact same thing at the same time!! such lazy propagandists they are 🤨
we got the motherlode here lmaooo
and who told them all to hold the microphone like they’re a teenager doing tiktok videos 🤣🤣
worst puppet show ever 🤡🤣
confirm !
ok, so who is sending the social media interns of the politicians what to post?
true
it’s a valid point. the rules are asymmetric.
exactly
can’t someone be bothered to write three speeches? this is just lazy 😂
who is writing the words that the puppets speak? that’s the real question.
usaid was interfering in governments throughout the world and pushing radical left politics
they are all actors reading a script
failure to stop would be treasonous insubordination to president , as the commander-in-chief. treason is a serious crime.
wait for it … 😉
fixed now. just basic block and tackle stuff.
yet another scam stealing your tax dollars has been stopped
this was asked of children. stop this madness.
not anymore
my post below was almost 2 years ago. stop sending men to die for nothing. enough!!
well, at least your federal tax dollars aren’t paying for it, just new york tax dollars pay for it now
yeah
wild that they’re real
maybe they should meet for tea …
i hope it works well in humans
unhinged is next-level 🤣🤣
🤦‍♂️ taxpayer-funded propaganda!
so senator richard blumenthal, aka “dick”, really wants to meet “big balls”!! this is too good 🤣🤣
good chance
“big balls” lmaooo
it’s awesome
exactly
congratulations! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
next election is the last chance for germany
a very tough time, but now recollected fondly
yeah
$80m in ridiculous spending eliminated!
too many question marks about this flight and then we were 20 bar low on ground spin start pressure. best to destack, inspect both stages and try again in a day or two.
i can’t believe they’re so anti-immigrant! 😂
raptor 3 has almost twice the thrust and much higher reliability than raptor 1, despite costing about four times less!
this would be cool
about 42 minutes until starship test flight 8!
we can’t be a lame one-planet civilization!
live by the arrest warrant, die by the arrest warrant
tyranny of the judiciary!
if you haven’t tried unhinged voice mode on the app, you’re missing out 🤣🤣
major conflict of interest!
aren’t swastikas illegal in germany?
true. as distasteful as it is, zelensky should be offered some kind of amnesty in a neutral country in exchange for a peaceful transition back to democracy in ukraine.
the ngos are trying to destroy democracy!
we had an ace up our sleeve . turns out to be just enough to hold first place! upgrades are in work to address presentation quality/style vs competition. that will shift elo meaningfully higher.
deleted
interesting
based
even jfk and clinton!
interesting
true
true
grok ftw
concerning
that would be great
download the app
grok successfully predicted all oscar winners! download the app and try voice mode!
shady
great people!
cool
true
improved efficiency
we need to stop funding biolabs!
the tesla team did a great job clearing out the broken conveyor system within 48 hours!
still very few people know about this
zelensky wants a forever war, because he loses his spotlight on the international stage as soon as peace is achieved
imagine if that were to happen … oh it already has
great
not for long
thanks max. btw, i’m english south african, not afrikaner. my grandparents are: american, canadian, british and english south african.
zelensky wants a forever war, a never-ending graft meat grinder. this is evil.
a senior exec at tesla sent me some funny pics from days in the factory where i was trying to show the construction team day shift what equipment wasn’t working and needed to be removed. so, i spray-painted stick figures on them 😂
no one has died as result of a brief pause to do a sanity check on foreign aid funding. no one. nor are these funding resumption actions due to pressure from k-mart (i’m not promoting him to target yet) favs or some legacy news journalist. i give zero fucks what the legacy
starship is the first rocket/spaceship capable of making life multiplanetary, which requires it to be both far more powerful and far more advanced than anything that came before.
she is bat 🦇 💩 crazy
yeah
interesting
nice
wow, it’s real
exactly
deservedly so
very few watchable movies these days
cool
it’s wild how much the media can brainwash people!
he is awesome
seriously
yeah, it’s awesome! for a wild experience, try grok unhinged mode 😂 note, you have to download the app for this.
this is beyond messed up
wow, this is cool
yeah
depends on watt kind of power
yeah
the fed is absurdly overstaffed
they had better shut down the fentanyl labs. the president is not messing around. one way or another, it will stop.
great
he’s not wrong
literally about a hundred experiments running simultaneously on that heat shield, which is part of why it looks so patchy
true
yeah
well said
the uniparty thing is real
there are way too many agencies in the federal government. depending on how an agency is defined, there are 400 to 450!
car could honk at people if you want
that’s good to hear. not many great movies, though.
all credit to the president
this is messed up. should just be who is best, not best with an asterisk!
unfortunately, yes
true
so many cases of software licenses and media subscriptions with zero usage! every part of the government has this issue. has yet to find an exception.
cool ❤️
starlink now in kiribati!
the worst bad guys are the ones who are financing the tesla terror campaign
cool
good summary
💯🇺🇸
wow
hmm
wow
it’s so real 🤣🤣
cool
🇺🇸🇺🇸
the ultimate master plan of is to create sustainable abundance for all
are they all secret buddies?
worth reading the details
many all-star engineers are taking major pay cuts (sometimes to zero) and suffering from harassment, including death threats, to help the country with , because they love america 🇺🇸
great decades
want to help build them?
the new york times is pure propaganda. also, i look forward to the prosecutions of those at the pentagon who are leaking maliciously false information to nyt. they will be found.
cheers 😀
not good
exactly. also, i’ve been to the pentagon many times over many years. not my first time in the building.
that would be a major improvement
good summary
we are working on the speed of long context responses. should be way faster soon.
wow
it’s awesome
tesla all-hands live presentation
interesting
yay!
interesting
yes
they are trying to cover up fraud
thanks
🔥😂🇺🇸
yes
very
that fresh breeze you feel is the wide open overton window
wow, this is crazy!
cool
the hammer of justice strikes
yup
has there ever been such a level of coordinated violence against a peaceful company? i understand not wanting to buy a product, but this is extreme arson and destruction!
tesla has ramped up security and activated sentry mode on all vehicles at stores
he’s a radical activist cosplaying as a judge
🇺🇸🇺🇸
cleaning up the fraud file
very important!
something needs to be done to stop the repeated and egregious violation of democracy by the judiciary. that is obvious to all.
wow, what liars they are!
hawk tuah man
true. you’re welcome.
yes
that is the fundamental difference
wow, trans violence is extremely far above normal levels!!
yes
accurate
true, this is unfair projection 😂
what are the statistics on trans violence? the probability of a trans person being violent appears to be vastly higher than non-trans. hormone injections cause extreme emotional volatility. that is simply a fact.
🇺🇸🇺🇸
exactly
great!
another abuse of your taxpayer money has ended
not exactly killed their plans. no id is required to vote in new york, so they will now continue using non-citizen votes illegally. but it will be harder.
they tried hard to legalize non-citizen voting in new york and just failed. now, they will try to keep doing it illegally. voter id is still banned in new york and california!
🇺🇸🇺🇸
yes
tesla sentry mode captures video of anyone attempting to harm it. bad news for criminals.
he committed a crime.
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
my office with the late great kekius maximus on the wall
❤️❤️❤️
remember when the overton window was shut tight af? wasn’t that long ago 😂
hmm
🇺🇸🇺🇸
new program for the npcs
beautiful
everywhere else is boring by comparison with 𝕏
reservoir
the democrat party is melting down
his head looks like an actual dick
exactly
she is mentally ill
poe2 hardcore with my son
yeah
yes
wow
should be the “gondor judge”, but yeah
good idea 😂
no change in the law, just a new president
thank you
they have committed serious crimes.
yeah
wow
cool
yeah, this scam has been going on for a long time. not anymore.
many such situations
exactly
michael lewis has gone full
this is super messed up
thank you, for supporting the people and customers of tesla!
has to be done
cool
great ice cream though
❤️🇺🇸
wow
this will fix a major fraud problem with ssa
interesting
not smart to attack teslas
congrats!
congrats!
the biden chicken massacre!
you’re an asshole
exactly
yeah
try using for a second opinion on medical matters!
thanks :)
❤️❤️❤️
wow
1000%
🇺🇸😀😀🇺🇸
jackpot 🎰
what a psycho
yes, it is silly
🇺🇸🇺🇸
the left has become the party of hate and violence
exactly
he is the senator for ukraine
yes
best case 20 years, but probably closer to 30
yes
yes
good question
wow, 51m views!
yes! 🇺🇸
very important
something is deeply rotten about the democrats
what the hell?
wow
they are obviously activist politicians cosplaying as judges
wow
a massive fraud
what!?
for more than two centuries, there has never such extreme abuse of the legal system by activists pretending to be judges. impeach them.
why not use the highlights tab?
yes
he’s such an unfunny jerk
restore the smith-mundt act!
what a jerk
this is a judicial coup. we need 60 senators to impeach the judges and restore rule of the people.
they are shockingly unhinged
the right question is where is the empathy for the victims of the gang members?
an activist judge is no judge at all, just someone wearing a costume
it is your cheese
wow
yeah
essential
true
wow
yes
more taxpayer savings
exactly
we are closing in on the nerve centers of the government corruption and they can feel it
sometimes when i need a little boost, i look at the portrait in the and thank the lord 🙏
as usual, excellent reasoning and judgment from
yeah!
that is for sure their dinner party conversation!
yes
some people just want to watch the world burn
well done!
the people stealing your taxpayer money want the fraud to keep going
they’re bad people doing bad things
corruption
wow
it is the only way
1000%
the cya
attorney general bondi statement on violent attacks against tesla property
🤣🤣🤣🤣
many years ago, i said that the factory is the product
congratulations to the and teams for another safe astronaut return! thank you to for prioritizing this mission!
seriously
astronaut splashdown in 2 mins!
encouraging destruction of teslas throughout the country is extreme domestic terrorism!!
highly likely they were covering up crime
do this judge’s family and friends benefit from ngo money?
exactly
indeed
💯 violent terrorism
the left is the party of violence &amp; hate
true
yeah
❤️🇺🇸
hmm
president trump is right
as justice roberts well knows, impeachment is a constitutional right of the legislature
🇺🇸🇺🇸
🇩🇪🇩🇪
terrorism
cool
yes
it was literally impossible to communicate in some parts of the white house!
looks cool
deporting homicidal maniacs is awesome
it’s just fully terrorism at this point
spacex dragon undocks
this level of violence is insane and deeply wrong. tesla just makes electric cars and has done nothing to deserve these evil attacks.
they took down statues of wellington and nelson?
yes
yes
ap stands for associated propaganda
great
now
same
really?
something shady was going on at that organization
cleaning up the dead people database
🇺🇸🇺🇸
whoever is doing this needs to face justice
the biden administration’s goal was to maximize the flow of illegals into the usa to ensure permanent one-party rule. this will become increasingly obvious as time goes by.
cool video ai coming soon!
awesome
🔥🇺🇸
🇺🇸🇺🇸
❤️🇺🇸
maybe the biggest scam of all time
exactly
wait, but what is in our control?
good point
🕵️‍♂️
it will only get better
wish us luck!! 🍀
interesting. who is funding them?
🇺🇸🇺🇸
yes. that will happen on either the 2nd or 3rd earth-mars launch window, so roughly 5 to 7 years from now. the key question is whether earth’s current civilizational technology level will last long enough to ensure that mars can grow by itself, even if supply ships from earth
🎯🎯🎯
my companies make great products that people love and i’ve never physically hurt anyone. so why the hate and violence against me? because i am a deadly threat to the woke mind parasite and the humans it controls.
the list of “enemies” on the right or left has changed, as the left is now pro war and has captured the judiciary, but the general principle is timeless
this is crazy
the very worst judges – those who repeatedly flout the law – should at least be put to an impeachment vote, whether that vote succeeds or not.
yeah
sounds familiar
great
dems hate losing voters. that’s his real issue.
yes
yup
wow
🇺🇸🇺🇸
❤️🚀🚀❤️
whatever you think the rules should be, they should be consistent for all people and countries
valid question
they are in for a very rude awakening.
good idea
groan
such is my nature
exactly
it was definitely him. what a coward.
the legacy media is making people so crazy that they’re firebombing tesla superchargers!
nice
that was cool
wow
makes sense
impeach
much appreciated
massive problem. being fixed.
the public is wise to the democratic party scams and their funding via bogus taxpayer-funded ngos is being turned off
new app to assist in self-deportation!
well said by
spacex dragon ship arrives at the space station
true
going back to this haircut
just it
the democrats are doing this, because they plan to use illegals to turn america into a permanent single party state!
the government was spending a quarter billion dollars of your taxpayer money per year on an empty building!
it does look awesome
exactly
cool 😎
necessary
true
if the government stops paying them to stay, most will leave of their own accord
spacex dragon docks with space station
a majority certainly will. that is why the left will stop at nothing to prevent turning off of government handouts to illegals. that is their future voter base.
are you expecting more or does this mean a 75% generational population decline?
mars
the dragon is about to dock with the ! in a few days, dragon will bring back the astronauts.
wow
🦾🇺🇸
yes
yes
🇺🇸🇺🇸
wow
yes
yup
1000%
wow …
wow
hmm
wow!
🇺🇸🇺🇸
a veritable “sock aficionado”
artificial insemination?
cgi irl
i am
feels like déjà vu all over again haha
🤣👍💯
hmm …
yup
wow
yup
yes
desantis
tbd
yup
why?
yup
mars colonial transporter
yes
noooo!
прости товарищ
cgi irl
wow
wow
getty watermark is the coup de grâce
diabolical!
yes
yup
è così bello
yes
con te … partirò
yes
yup!
👀 🤣
hmm
yup
wow
💯 🤣
yes
yes
yes
sus man
yup
yup
🍿🧂😎
yup
😛 🍿
yes
insane
iconic laconic !platonic
yes
🤣🤣 💯
elden ring vibes
vegas boring co tunnel
per aspera ad astra!
🚀💫♥️ yesss!!! ♥️💫🚀
yup
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
♥️🚀✨
i♥️u
yes
. is 🔥🔥
yes!
константи́н циолко́вский
♥️♥️ nasa ♥️♥️
🐍 🐓 🤔
🇩🇪🇩🇪 danke deutschland!! 🇩🇪🇩🇪
new
2029
and … um … [flicks wrist] we should form a book club. “дура с сердцем и без ума такая же несчастная дура, как и дура с умом без сердца.” федор достоевский, идиот
ok :)
это было бы честью
вы согласны на этот бой?
i hereby challenge владимир путин to single combat stakes are україна
model s &amp; x are sublime
wow
vector lanes is a particularly significant architectural improvement to tesla ai
真の友人とは、世界が離れていくときに歩みよって来てくれる人のことである。
yup
ich möchte mich recht herzlich bedanken. die zukunft ist sehr spannend! 🇩🇪 🇩🇪
yes
investigating
yes
yes
actual question, not rhetorical
yes
v11 is 💥
tau &gt; pi
hypocritical megadouche!
yes
yes
🧲 ⛈ 🪦
tesla
yup!
fate ♥️ irony
yes
yes
yup
je m’aple syrup
wtf
yup
dojo
yup
yes
🤣 $7
many ui improvements coming
i do
~700nm to ~400nm
yes
me 💯
floki santa
merry christmas 🎄🎁 ⛄️ ⭐️ 😃
yes
or tesla!
10.8
yup
sine qua non non
yup
cgi irl
shanghai is beautiful
wow
yes
yes
“insane technology bandwagon”
yes
yup
yes
yup
electrical &amp; mechanical engineering
yes
* abide(n)
hype^hype
me!
almost finished jünger’s storm of steel. intense. great book.
“tesla hertz shorts”
obv
naughtius maximus
macrohard &gt;&gt; microsoft
yes
noooo
odd
yup
cgi irl
(\_/) ( •_•) / &gt;🚀
das klingt nach “space party”
yes
giga berlin-brandenburg spaß-party heute!
floki frunkpuppy
wow!
“isis”
yes
yes
♥️ 🌍 🌎 🌏 ♥️
yes
gravitas
alter falter! dankeschön nürburgring, tesla wird geerht.
pov hardcore
metallurgy rūlz
2022
yes
yes
yup
stage zero
~110k
yes
tesla china rocks!
ممتاز
yes
yes
♥️♥️
touché
natürlich
vorfreude waldeinsamkeit
iron(y)man
yup
yup
🤍 🖤
yes
yup
gao 💪
og hipster
congrats cathie!
pohtaytohz
yes
yes
yup
48 61 68 61 20 74 72 75 65
opp?
corporate-speak is human ambien
yes
yes
💕 🇯🇵
yes
soft spot for olde roadster
yeah, but dogz rūl
wow!
εἰδέναι μὲν μηδὲν πλὴν αὐτὸ τοῦτο εἰδέναι
order tesla model s plaid at
💦🚀 –&gt; 🌙
haf yu sin mi danz?
yup
og smartwatch
sehnsucht
danke!!
yes
vegas ftw!
yup
wow!
es wurde mir in deutschland gegeben
tesla has 💎 🙌
4680
hallelujah
yes
🇩🇪 🚘 ♥️ geil! ♥️ 🚘 🇩🇪
snl monologue
yup 🤣🤣
mars base alpha
yes
prototypes are easy, production is hard
yes
yup
yup
yes
yup
cgi irl!
their attempt to bait and switch satellite spectrum for cellular spectrum is super shady and unethical. if they are successful, it would hurt the least served and completely unserved of the world. very messed up.
hardly anyone knows this
probably only a few months
twitter me &amp; real-life me are quite different haha!
the vote of confidence is much appreciated
ai gets better every day
some great suggestions in the comments!
but sometimes they’re out of stock
that was the largest wheel of cheese in the beverly hills cheese shop!
i love many cheeses, so hard to say that a particular one is best, but maybe stilton
the sheer variety of cheese is amazing
what … is your favorite cheese?
trending to emptiness
could be a contributor
super talented team at spacex
interesting
maybe we’re in a computer
i will keep supporting dogecoin
💕💕 shadow crew 💕💕
i feel swindled every time i drink one
he did teach me a lot of engineering &amp; physics while growing up (in an environment that was austere &amp; often bleak)
i love all my kids so much
eventually, everything runs out of time.
happy father’s day
if you can’t smell your wifi, how do you know it’s real?
congrats to spacex falcon team for executing 3 flawless launches in 2 days!
good question
to answer the question: why twitter?
this will encourage people to change it haha
i’m pretty sure that unique
we’re changing starlink’s default wifi name to stinky
this is where the writers are, of past, present, and future.
the only thing keeping the other orbital rocket programs alive is government protection or they’d be deader than a doornail and everyone knows it. but oh well … comme ci, comme ça.
the super weird thing is that falcon 9 is still the only orbital booster to land or refly after all these years!
yes, about 20% more thrust &amp; 20% less mass, but focus has been heavily on production rate &amp; reliability. mass, thrust &amp; isp will all improve, as will production rate, reliability &amp; cost. this is the only way to make life multi-planetary and extend consciousness into the void.
more currency-like
tesla and spacex merch, maybe more down the road
rock on!
but we should have humans too!
congratulations to giga berlin team on making over 1000 cars in a week!
for a couple of months, but, yeah, that looks like the place. does mark still live there?
i’m a dirty rocket
it may as be a documentary, since it’s coming true
watch the opening scene of idiocracy. when i ask my friends why they’re not yet having kids (very few are), it sounds exactly like the movie.
my son (sjm) wanted to know why we couldn’t have 20,000 cats. perhaps this will make him reconsider.
or perhaps social media in general
is tiktok destroying civilization? some people think so.
interesting
lame
yeah
so much free advertising! 🤣🤣
hyundai is doing pretty well
exactly
and rocket landings are now triple digits
our best landing video to date, thanks to starlink!
yeah
good thread
that’s why dragon has shields
there will probably be several launch countdowns before we pass all the abort triggers, but hopefully first countdown is next month
yes, but it is achievable
accurate
exactly
haha
interesting
true
spacex team is making great progress at the cape &amp; starbase!
exactly
true (sigh)
also, in sink band should let in a tiny sink
so it goes
good thread
the austin airport needs to be upgraded as fast as possible
have kids!
haha 💯
it’s a bigger risk than ai, so i’d put it at . if these trends continue, humanity will cease to exist.
better
civilization sterilized
amazing flying scenes were to be expected, but the writing is good too
i love fred astaire
ok then i’m second
i’m the absolute best at humility!
at this point, i should just wear a monocle and a top hat haha
in sink was 🔥🔥
i’m dressing as a sink on halloween, as they will have no choice but to let me in
correct
original top gun is a great movie. just rewatched. looking forward to seeing the sequel.
so far, the entire history of human civilization is just a flash in the pan, but there is potential to last much longer
yeah, it’s crazy. model 3 has the most us content of any car made today.
buyers of competing electric cars receive a $7500 tax credit, but tesla does not
what gave it away? haha
i supported yang last time, but desantis has a better chance of winning
i’m thinking of creating a “super moderate super pac” that supports candidates with centrist views from all parties
i voted for mayra flores – first time i ever voted republican. massive red wave in 2022.
true
you can see the whole engine moving to steer
fr no cap!
starship sn24 in the high bay
i’m driving an alpha version of fsd on highway and it’s not quite ready. probably ready for wide release this summer.
cryptonight
probably later this year
you obviously haven’t tried tesla fsd
if they cut their opex &amp; cogs dramatically, then they have a chance, but that hasn’t happened yet
yeah
exactly
this is highly unusual btw. statistically, the richer someone is, the fewer kids they have.
reusability matters far more than size
we will have a second starship stack ready to fly in august and then monthly thereafter
starship will be ready to fly next month. i was in the high bay &amp; mega bay late last night reviewing progress.
the tesla tech tree is insane
don’t build moats, build tech trees
i’m told that no ocelot has been seen in the boca chica area for ~40 years. we have many motion-activated cameras around starbase – thousands of clips of coyotes, dogs &amp; cats, but no ocelots.
for the first time ever, there is a rocket capable of establishing permanent bases on the moon and mars
exactly
yeah 😞
i mean, i’m doing my part haha
2 weeks
past two years have been a demographic disaster
in that case, you will really love 10.13
a platform cannot be considered inclusive or fair if it is biased against half the country
good progress
nice!
we’re working on accelerating rhd model y production. didn’t expect demand to be so high!
it is
exactly
yeah
true experts even read wiki citations
true
merlin is so simple compared to raptor!
when starlink comes along
weird, i wonder why this is happening
you’re pretty great
james
my son, saxon, suggested having a party for the whole world, a world party day!
wen humor?
indeed, the rivalry is strong
let’s try haha
make austin weirder!
even if you’re being crucified?
maybe a bug
i think it’s kinda funny 🤣
it is a better world if we are all less judgy
humor is one of the great joys of life!
congratulations on your new book!
we are simultaneously being told that gender differences do not exist and that genders are so profoundly different that irreversible surgery is the only option. perhaps someone wiser than me can explain this dichotomy.
good
cool🇨🇭
250 tons of force is achievable
lister was ridiculed by the establishment, but he was right. we should question accepted wisdom and bow to the weight of evidence.
33 raptor rocket engines, each producing 230 metric tons of force
web69 is 🔥🔥
true
the bay area is already saturated with user terminals, which is why wait time for a terminal is long. rush hour speeds will improve as more satellites reach operational orbits, with a giant improvement with v2 sats. note, speeds outside of rush hour times should be very high.
best outcome would be to route packets from starlink user terminal to ground station on roof of server center. then it doesn’t even touch the regular internet.
probability of injury, according to us government
exactly
starlink inter-satellite laser links should be operational by end of year. this will dramatically reduce global latency. light travels ~40% faster in vacuum/air than in fiber optic cables &amp; satellite path length is shorter (cables follow coastlines).
it should be possible to sue law firms for pursuing insane damages claims
like karate kid, but bigger
crazy damages claims like this are a big part of why car insurance costs so much
multiplayer gaming works pretty well with starlink, eg league is no problem
civilization will be mostly solar-powered in the future
play video games wherever you want
gasoline fights are so fun tho
two weeks
psychedelics and mdma can make a real difference to mental health, especially for extreme depression and ptsd. we should take this seriously.
so many times!
gas station lighting is brutal
seems pricey
real talk
true
we’re going deep on roundabouts! should get noticeably better with 10.13.
i heard top gun 2 is good. will check it out.
there’s something special about enjoying movies in a theater with total strangers. i hope that never goes away.
doctor strange in the multiverse of madness
i don’t even care if it lowers my life expectancy
diet coke is amazing, especially the soda fountain version at movie theaters with salt &amp; butter popcorn
if the average length of a tweet (minus headers) is ~100 bytes of text, that’s only 50gb. you could fit it on a usb stick.
only twitter
glad they’re ok
my diabolical plan is coming together!
if little red riding hood was on psychedelics, this whole story makes a ton of sense
we will look into this &amp; adjust. in general, i’d recommend against using recirc, as the range advantage is small.
seems odd that anyone would mistake a talking wolf for their grandmother. what sort of octave range does that wolf have anyway!?
i think i saw these in elden ring
true haha
yeah, exactly. also, other companies are using the tesla name for solar and powerwall. will put a stop to that.
youtube seems to be nonstop scam ads
it looks like the future
it will be our best product ever imo
what resolution is life in, 8k? – sjm
correct
there are still some great journalists at wapo, but the trend is super bad
most people still think china has a one-child policy. china had its lowest birthdate ever last year, despite having a three-child policy! at current birth rates, china will lose ~40% of people every generation! population collapse.
romeo and juliet
if chess was released as a video game
such a dapper fellow!
the acid test for any two competing socioeconomic systems is which side needs to build a wall to keep people from escaping? that’s the bad one!
realized what i have in common with environmentalists, but also why they’re so annoyingly wrong: they are conservationists of what is, whereas they should be conservationists of our potential over time, our cosmic endowment. (from a friend)
there are so many crazy rules like this that make it extremely difficult to build anything new in california
from shakespeare’s the tempest, but i much prefer it literally vs ironically
o wonder! how many goodly creatures are there here! how beauteous mankind is! o brave new world, that has such people in't.
this sounds promising
we are a brain in a vat – the vat is our skull. all our senses and memories are electrical signals.
some hate humanity, but i love humanity so much
build 1000+ starships to transport life to mars. basically, (very) modern noah’s arks.
maybe we should make an actual starship model that dispenses pez for our merch store
making life multiplanetary expands the scope &amp; scale of consciousness. it also enables us to backup the biosphere, protecting all life as we know it from a calamity on earth. humanity is life’s steward, as no other species can transport life to mars. we can’t let them down.
deck from spacex all-hands update talk i gave last week
it should be possible
that is why we must expand the scope &amp; scale of consciousness – so that we may learn the answers to these questions
accurate
not perfect, but should be better
10.13 will solve your left turn most of the time
yes, car will navigate to a pin location, even if in a complex surface parking lot or hotel entrance. when in covered or underground parking lots, car will have to navigate using only inertial measurement, wheel movement &amp; vision, as gps signal is no longer available.
remarkable, although, as noted, there are big differences between humans and mice. we can cure a mouse of almost any cancer, but most of those cures don’t work with humans.
we are close to the point where offering something for eu regulators to review makes sense
also, fsd beta 10.12.2 now expanding to 100k cars. 10.13 smooths out intersection control, especially long lefts, and starts to handle roads with no map data at all. last point is a big deal. within a few months, fsd should be able to drive to a gps point with zero map data.
working on tesla north american service. goal is 2/3 of cars receive same-day service, no wait.
bts music videos are 🔥🔥
total headcount will increase, but salaried should be fairly flat
sometimes i think my list of enemies is too short, so …
interesting
ah yes, maxwell photobombing me at a oscars party – you should them why they invited her. the same people who push this photo say nothing about prominent people who actually went to his island a dozen times. also very strange …
are you saying that this is a far left taunt?
only thing more remarkable than doj not leaking the list is that no one in the media cares. doesn’t that seem odd?
same
four falcon heavy flights later this year by an incredible team at spacex
sigh
yeah
some of these options should be on by default and explicitly asked of users from time to time
interesting
fallout 3, nv &amp; 4 were great
they also usually have no sense of humor, apart from mocking the other side
often, when we announce something, we hear simultaneous criticism that it’s already been done, but also that it’s impossible 🤣🤣
both the far left &amp; far right have a lot of hate. one could simply replace the word “far” with “loathing”, as they have that emotion a lot, whereas most people, who are moderates, do not.
true
my bro &amp; i had dinner at the el camino jack in the box almost every night around late 95. some people had died from food poisoning a few years earlier, so prices were low.
quality commenters on /.
the press always plays along with the class-action law firms, who are the real plaintiffs, not the puppets they find to masquerade as such. why is this?
sigh
johnny rotten of the sex pistols
that is quite the trend
nice work by openai. it is hard to do useful things.
good interview
thanks mr president!
that is its primary purpose
70 is currently the age when you receive maximum social security benefits. in other words, that’s when the govt concludes that you can’t hold a job!!
open primaries sound like a good way to move candidates to be more centrist. term limits help with the gerontocracy problem, but, frankly, there should be a max age beyond which you can’t run (maybe 70?), just like there are min ages for house, senate &amp; president.
thanks, and also well done to you for advancing electric vehicles!
once again, bob nails it. yes, i am endorsing a political candidate because he is competent!
it is rare for me to endorse political candidates. my political leanings are moderate, so neither fully republican nor democrat, which i am confident is the case for most americans. executive competence is super underrated in politics – we should care about that a lot more!
los angeles is fortunate to have someone like rick caruso running for mayor. he’s awesome.
tesla ai day will be epic
tesla ai day pushed to sept 30, as we may have an optimus prototype working by then
cryogenic proof test passed
everyone eats same food, uses same restrooms, etc – no executive chef or other ivory tower stuff. there shouldn’t be this workers vs management two-class system. everyone is a worker.
transformers are replacing c heuristics for post-processing of the vision nn’s “giant bag of points”. [side note: i hate the bloated mess that is modern c++, but love simple c, as you know what it will compile to in terms of actual cpu operations.]
the above set of tweets illustrate why recessions serve a vital economic cleansing function
i never wanted to be ceo – just wanted to work on product/technology. bill harris sounded like he would be a great ceo, given his intuit experience, but he was not. running companies hurts my heart, but i don’t see any other way to bring technology &amp; design to fruition.
yeah
similar thing happened to x/paypal in march 2000
we’re using more gpts, as they now run natively on tesla trip chip vs needing to round trip to igpu
as i said in 2018 …
we are trying to accelerate sustainable energy, so what matters is how much someone can contribute to that goal. personal choices are your own and are respected.
tesla scores 100/100 for 7th year in a row for lgbtq equality
i will donate to centrist candidates in both parties
is this a reference to open primaries? i think those are a good idea. i am in favor of anything that would result in more centrist candidates being elected!
the amazing part will be having an orbital rocket that is fully &amp; rapidly reusable with any payload at all! everyone else gave up when they realized that their fully reusable payload&lt;0. we still have a long way to go.
the specs on wikipedia aren’t quite right, but close enough. thrust, liftoff mass, length &amp; payload will grow over time.
yes, unless we encounter unexpected issues. 10.12.2 seems solid so far, but, as always, please be extremely vigilant.
i have yet to see an esg list that *isn’t* fraudulent
just one at a time at first
only a few weeks away. all raptor 2 engines needed for first orbital flight are complete &amp; being installed.
good interview
10 years since spacex’s first mission to
cybertruck body
you’re humble bro. billy’s sense of humor &amp; irreverence is a big part of why people love dogecoin.
completely useless pos more like it
and palmer always forgets to mention that he never wrote a single line of dogecoin code …
for ai and most things, python. javascript for web stuff. for high performance or tight code, c/c++, spiced up with some assembly.
yeah!
maybe if they do the opposite, twitter will be a much better experience – just an idea
checking
my kids wrote better code when they were 12 than the nonsense script jackson sent me. like i said, if it’s so great, he should share it with the world and make everyone’s experience with twitter better. if he does, you will see what i mean. jackson palmer is a tool.
you falsely claimed ur lame snippet of python gets rid of bots. ok buddy, then share it with the world …
what’s going on ?
very strange indeed!
interesting
yeah, maybe a smidge higher …
yes. it’s safe to say that mackenzie [ahem] scott is not exactly a big fan of her ex-husband. unfortunately, a lot of others are getting caught in the crossfire.
feels like a looney tunes episode
i support you, bob! some bots are good.
yeah, although i hesitate to admit that, because there are a lot of people that foam at the mouth if you even mention his name!
the democrat vs republican tribalism among otherwise intelligent people is most distressing. demonizing everyone who would vote for an alternate party is not constructive.
true. tesla was attacked by romney in 2 of 3 presidential debates. those lines were fed to him by a particular individual in the oil &amp; gas industry. the dems turned negative over the past ~12 months. at least part of it is mackenzie’s donation to pacs posing as charities.
i would be shocked if i’m *not* being spied on haha. my only ask is that anyone spying on me please not affect call quality too much or i can’t hear what’s being said!
i’m just talking about the mid-term elections in november. not sure that there is a third party candidate. it’s rather hard to support a party when prominent members of that party keep attacking me and sidelining tesla &amp; spacex!
literally …
our computer is made of meat!
it might be
tesla doesn’t advertise, the others do. they are … hesitant to bite the hand that feeds them.
tesla plaid s cruising around austin with volume at 11 is sublime
veridis quo
tomorrow
mildly, so 6/10. it’s a slow meme day.
i would, but the coward blocked me 🤣
i miss them
the reason you’re not that funny is because you’re woke. humor relies on an intuitive &amp; often awkward truth being recognized by the audience, but wokism is a lie, which is why nobody laughs.
less funny than snl on a bad day. this could make a drunk person sober. try harder!
still early stages on that. getting starship reliably to orbit, then achieving full &amp; immediate reusability of both stages is by far top priority.
2029 feels like a pivotal year. i’d be surprised if we don’t have agi by then. hopefully, people on mars too.
well, if you make something that looks like a meme &amp; someone (not me) crops off your name, so it goes. also, this is only a 6/10 meme, so maybe step down from that high horse! the selfless art of anonymous meme creators is something to be admired.
yeah, the public has no idea how much tesla and spacex have been attacked/undermined, because we aren’t unionized (yet offer highest pay in industry!) and this administration would rather a company be dead than not unionized
i couldn’t agree more! there is such a thing as too much sentience for household appliances. imagine giving advanced ai to a toilet with an implicit “maximize 💩” utility function, so it engages in deep societal manipulation just to get maximum 💩 haha.
i support free speech, but not any one candidate. in fact, i gave money to &amp; voted for hillary &amp; then voted for biden. however, given unprovoked attacks by leading democrats against me &amp; a very cold shoulder to tesla &amp; spacex, i intend to vote republican in november.
in remembrance of those who fell to preserve the light of freedom
sure
you can see almost everything from the public road
thanks ❤️❤️ i switched back to chronological twitter, so now i see you.
i swear my responsibility to the highest good for consciousness, while always re-examining what the highest good is
well, i’m happy i made people happy!
and remember that happiness is a choice
perhaps i will one day
how about tomorrow afternoon?
i dunno … that’s kind of a scary idea
tomorrow will be the first sunrise of the rest of ur life – make it what u want
if the universe is headed for heat death, then it really *is* all about the journey
spaceships that can take you to other planets and a sustainable energy earth
when thinking about deep time, what is more astounding is to think about how much time is ahead!
human civilization, as measured by the first writing, only began ~5000 years ago, so since those trilobites existed, you could have had all human history 100,000 times over again
ave maria
few seem to realize that china is leading the world in renewable energy generation and electric vehicles. whatever you may think of china, this is simply a fact.
the “critics” seek not to critique, but rather to virtue signal. they are out of touch with the people and so lose their credibility with the people.
weird
our video clips are usually shorter than 30 seconds, but the overall point made by james is accurate. tesla is probably labeling more images per week than any other project ever done and our rate of labeling is increasing rapidly.
i suspect that this is because the “algorithm” is not exactly genius vs intentional deboosting by people
i had a car named hubris once
i agree
wow, good for her for saving those people!
totally, these are very bot-friendly rules!
why do we still have so many paper documents in 2022!?
we are much fluffier than we think
strange
at first, i thought this was a parody 🤣
problem arose from optimizing application performance. use of linux page cache caused increasing memory fragmentation, eventually preventing mounting of dashcam. patch to filesystem driver fixes this. update coming soon.
so many photons flying around, and yet so few
true
i hope they both move on. at their best, they are each incredible.
starships
true
haha 🔥🔥
great idea!
incentives matter
pretty sure i saw that at burning man
seems like they would be pretty vulnerable to lions, given their yaw moment of intertia, but i guess they’re really tall and hard to reach?
we are all individuals!
giraffes are surreal
he’s fine, i guess. does seem like he’s spending a lot of time in the hot tub these days. if he wants to get to orbit, less partying and more work would be advisable.
long-term potential of tesla is high
it was $500m, but then tesla went up a lot, so now it’s $1.5b to $2b to close it out
my companies don’t buy advertising
since gates still has a multi-billion dollar short position against tesla while claiming to help with global warming, i guess i have some trust issues with him too
true, they must have a scapegoat
i do try my hardest to be good and sometimes i fear that untrue negative stories about me may cause others to excuse their bad behavior to their conscience, because they think i’m doing it too, but i’m not!
i know some of the people you mention and i think they’re good, but for sure not all billionaires are good, since we are dealing with humans after all.
it was 96% in favor of me, until i commented. ironically, there might be more left-wing bots following me than right-wing haha.
v true
great potential to lift people out of poverty. providing internet is teaching people to fish.
one starlink can provide internet for an entire school of hundreds of students
no, earth has more water than we could possibly use and desalination only costs $3 for 1000 gallons!
good
or a remote hospital
on the nose 🤣
haha 💯
the most anti-human book ever written
starlink approved by nigeria 🇳🇬 &amp; mozambique 🇲🇿
we are waiting for government approval
cool
maybe one day
starlink approved by the philippines 🇵🇭
tesla merch can be bought with doge, soon spacex merch too
will discuss this and other improvements with tesla audio engineering. the new model s and x sound system is incredible.
ya know, it’s pretty damn great to be able to talk to people from all walks of life and many countries on twitter! so much to be learned, even from the harshest critics. basically … i’m just saying i love all you crazy people ♥️♥️
many insightful comments in the mentions
for sure
yeah, i think that’s probably right. if it were up to me, i would delete charitable deduction. and class-action lawsuits.
i think this would actually work
based on past experience, about 12 to 18 months. companies that are inherently negative cash flow (ie value destroyers) need to die, so that they stop consuming resources.
fair
i’m genuinely curious
yes, but this is actually a good thing. it has been raining money on fools for too long. some bankruptcies need to happen. also, all the covid stay-at-home stuff has tricked people into thinking that you don’t actually need to work hard. rude awakening inbound!
that would be awesome
this would be a super bad idea, since stocks can swing wildly from one day to the next, eg snapchat dropping 43%. tesla is ~40% below ath! however, eliminating estate tax dodges like grats would be good, since probability of kids being effective stewards of capital is lower.
the degree to which the unions control the dems is insane. it’s like watching a sock puppet “talk”, but the hand inside the sock is way too obvious!
. i dare you to run the same poll with your followers
in general, very true
who do you trust less? real question.
curses!
a union is just another corporation. far better for many companies to compete for your skills, so that you have maximum optionality.
if the reason for it is building products that make millions of people happy
dogecoin trillionaire, the movie 🍿
use of the word “billionaire” as a pejorative is morally wrong &amp; dumb 😛
yeah
maybe just require homicide insurance for a gun purchase? minimum car insurance, which is basically homocide insurance, is required for car ownership.
almost ten years ago
there is a sergeant making judgment calls about recruits before giving them a weapon, so that’s a reasonable barrier
how about a middle ground, where the licensing standard for semi-auto rifles is a driver’s license, age 21 and no rap sheet? basically, what is a reasonable way to make it harder for people with homicidal impulses to obtain body count maximizing weapons?
to be more precise, i mean any semi-automatic gun with supersonic ammo and a large magazine
i have so much respect for the tesla shanghai team
who controls the memes controls the universe
i’m a fan of jack btw. wish he would stay on the board, but i understand that he needs to move on.
(of twitter)
jack off the board!
politics is a sadness generator
absolutely
true haha
assault rifles should at minimum require a special permit, where the recipient is extremely well vetted imo
a bit sad tbh
some good cox jokes in this thread
absolutely. with competition, the consumer is the winner.
if i were to own twitter, it would be geared towards the middle 80% of the population, so technically the far left and far right would probably be dissatisfied
human are absurdly concentrated on a tiny percentage of earth’s surface. that’s why people in cities think earth is “full” of people, when in fact it is basically empty.
great show!
if twitter was not truthful here, what else is not true? this is very concerning news.
exactly
if birth rates remain unchanged, south korea will be ~6% of its current population in three generations, with a majority of people over age 60
landed back at cape canaveral (humans for scale)
falcon 9 going supersonic
good
congratulations and !
we can’t be one of those lame one-planet civilizations!
all 🛰 🛰 deployed successfully. thanks for flying spacex!
with int/dex talismans &amp; physick. throw moon to lower magic negation, followed by comet takes out almost anything fast.
that’s a good point. one could simply have a few reference human genomes and simply code each individual with a lossless compression delta! could probably fit the dna sequences of all humans alive today in a fairly small data storage system.
exactly
indeed i did. however, i also think that tesla has the potential to be the most valuable company ever. when tesla’s market cap, making sustainable energy products, exceeds that of aramco, producing fossil fuels, you know the future will be good for earth.
the iron man statue was given to spacex because part of iron man 2 was filmed in the rocket factory
is there a comparison of the post-compression dna size?
haha agreed, this will get smoothed out
what a dick move!
yeah
italy will have no people if these trends continue
south korea and hong kong are experiencing the fastest population collapse. note, 2.1 kids per woman is replacement rate.
lowest birth rate countries, according to world bank
population collapse is the biggest threat to civilization
exactly!
definitely
then why is it that the richer someone is, the fewer kids they have?
contrary to what many think, the richer someone is, the fewer kids they have. i am a rare exception. most people i know have zero or one kid.
we just need to celebrate having kids
usa birth rate has been below min sustainable levels for ~50 years
sigh
starlink does work on vehicles in motion, including planes, but not yet reliably
this will be a big deal over time
instagram amplifies this
interesting
equipped load will be lower if fast roll is needed
starman roadster has traveled enough to have driven every road on earth 52.8 times
planes are very safe
interesting
absolutely. normal connectivity is often lost when there are wild fires, storms or flooding, but starlink still works.
haha ok but warranty is not valid in that case
yes, first countries in africa to be announced coming soon. starlink will serve everywhere on earth that we’re legally allowed to serve.
starlink now available for rvs, campers &amp; other large vehicle users (note, antenna too big for cars)
i work. yes, i am testing starlink on the plane. some polishing needed, but it’s working quite well.
astute observers of my plane (and there many) will note that i don’t use a flight attendant. moreover, only fruit &amp; nuts are stocked on the plane. i use flights as an opportunity to fast.
netflix documentary about returning astronauts to orbit after space shuttle program ended
power mage, but decent with a sword/katana. will post pic of my build tomorrow.
elden ring, experienced in its entirety, is the most beautiful art i have ever seen
haha i don’t even have a burner twitter account! i do have a cheesy secret instagram account, so i can click on links that friends send me.
yeah
should be proportionate to electricity prices. is this not the case?
it’s accurate to say that incentives were an accelerant to ev adoption, but we started tesla when there were no incentives &amp; gasoline was $2/gallon even in california. tesla currently has a tax credit *disadvantage*, because the $7500 tax credit stopped applying to us years ago.
it is accurate to say that incentives were an accelerant to ev adoption, but we started tesla when there were no incentives &amp; gasoline was $2/gallon in california. tesla currently has a tax credit *disadvantage*, because the $7500 tax credit stopped applying to us years ago.
glad to hear that!
oddly calming
congratulations!
absolutely
no, they still refuse to explain how they calculate that 5% of daily users are fake/spam! very suspicious.
i’m worried that twitter has a disincentive to reduce spam, as it reduces perceived daily users
why is ignoring this story?
confusing-gate, more like it! bottom line: a prominent lawyer working for the clinton campaign fabricated russia-trump collusion using a retired mi6 spy &amp; some actual russians. this is not ok! there may have been actual russian interference, but still the above is not cool.
words to live by
true, owning twitter probably won’t increase my life expectancy haha
correct
exactly
they will
accurate
interesting, go on …
an homage to catherine the greatest
looking for hardcore streetfighters, not white-shoe lawyers like perkins or cooley who thrive on corruption. there will be blood.
good thread
i ‘member
my commitment: - we will never seek victory in a just case against us, even if we will probably win. - we will never surrender/settle an unjust case against us, even if we will probably lose.
tesla is building a hardcore litigation department where we directly initiate &amp; execute lawsuits. the team will report directly to me. please send 3 to 5 bullet points describing evidence of exceptional ability. justice.com
whether other senior campaign managers were aware or not is a separate question. what is *not* in question is that sussmann charged the clinton campaign for his russia hoax meeting with the fbi. source document:
i only heard about it last month and was blown away
i am indeed out for blood
?? sussmann himself admitted billing clinton campaign to pay for him to present russia hoax to fbi! this is not even questioned by the defense. btw, i donated to &amp; voted for hillary, so am doubly pissed off about those funds being used for lying.
doesn’t exactly scream “trustworthy”
. and , what say you?
you are absolutely correct. that tweet is a clinton campaign hoax for which their campaign lawyer is undergoing a criminal trial.
all true. bet most people still don’t know that a clinton campaign lawyer, using campaign funds, created an elaborate hoax about trump and russia. makes you wonder what else is fake.
their implied full name is business insider trading! they just deleted the last word for being too obvious, but it’s true.
worth watching this interview with . the may 16 date is important.
thanks for having me!
super excited to be in brazil for launch of starlink for 19,000 unconnected schools in rural areas &amp; environmental monitoring of amazon! 🇧🇷 🌳 🛰 ♥️
“hit piece”. edit buttonnnnn!
hi jon! you’re a good dude, but obv die-hard dem, so have to support the party, but this adminstration has done everything it can to sideline &amp; ignore tesla, even though we have made twice as many evs as rest of us industry combined.
they began brewing attacks of all kinds as soon as the twitter acquisition was announced. in my 30 year career, including the entire metoo era, there’s nothing to report, but, as soon as i say i intend to restore free speech to twitter &amp; vote republican, suddenly there is …
true (sigh)
finally, we get to use elongate as scandal name. it’s kinda perfect. 🤣
no, it was clear that their only goal was a hit price to interfere with the twitter acquisition. the story was written before they even talked to me.
exactly. moreover, the “friend” in question who gave the interview to bi, is a far left activist/actress in la with a major political axe to grind.
but i have a challenge to this liar who claims their friend saw me “exposed” – describe just one thing, anything at all (scars, tattoos, …) that isn’t known by the public. she won’t be able to do so, because it never happened.
and, for the record, those wild accusations are utterly untrue
the attacks against me should be viewed through a political lens – this is their standard (despicable) playbook – but nothing will deter me from fighting for a good future and your right to free speech
exactly
i’m trying! nice meme.
to be clear, i’m spending &lt;5% (but actually) of my time on the twitter acquisition. it ain’t rocket science! yesterday was giga texas, today is starbase. tesla is on my mind 24/7. so may seem like below, but not true.
big update
i think i saw that boss in elden ring
unless it is stopped, the woke mind virus will destroy civilization and humanity will never reached mars
wise words
good night, sweet maestro, and flights of angels sing thee to thy rest
a true genius
it’s true haha
indeed
i suggest no parties and just direct voting by the people of concise laws that everyone can understand
for sure
this is a big one! expect some two steps forward, one step back situations. these will be great ironed in point releases, hence ~10.12.2 or 10.13 for wider beta release.
a party more moderate on all issues than either reps or dems would be ideal
i was (obv) joking at the time, but fate loves irony!
judging by the relentless hatestream from the far left, this tweet was spot on
yale gets🥇in wacktivist olympics
what i love most about wacktivists is their incredible sense of humor 👼
a clear case of wacktivism
another batch of starlinks reach orbit
in the past i voted democrat, because they were (mostly) the kindness party. but they have become the party of division &amp; hate, so i can no longer support them and will vote republican. now, watch their dirty tricks campaign against me unfold … 🍿
pretty much. the dirty tricks attacks will be next-level.
i’m not surprised at all. that was to inoculate the public. as a prominent vaccine advocate, you should understand that. yale is the epicenter of the woke mind virus attempting to destroy civilization.
despite tesla doing more for the environment than any company ever!
political attacks on me will escalate dramatically in coming months
. has lost their integrity
exactly
exxon is rated top ten best in world for environment, social &amp; governance (esg) by s&amp;p 500, while tesla didn’t make the list! esg is a scam. it has been weaponized by phony social justice warriors.
esg is an outrageous scam! shame on
even applied 2 urslf
or 14 times higher than twitter’s 5% in my case 🤨
so … [checks calculator] … that would be like 10 times more than 5%
interesting
tesla doesn’t need debt, so the rating doesn’t impact us, but it is silly
twitter exec trashing free speech &amp; mocking people with asperger’s …
yes, the purpose of ai day is to convince great ai/software/chip talent to join tesla
tesla ai day on aug 19. so many cool updates!
is this legit?
hello , anyone home?
the audience laughter says it all
absolutely
exactly
interesting
seems like twitter should welcome external validation if their claims are true
20% fake/spam accounts, while 4 times what twitter claims, could be *much* higher. my offer was based on twitter’s sec filings being accurate. yesterday, twitter’s ceo publicly refused to show proof of &lt;5%. this deal cannot move forward until he does.
this transcription isn’t precise, but gets the gist of it
just a scratch really
so how do advertisers know what they’re getting for their money? this is fundamental to the financial health of twitter.
have you tried just calling them?
billy is the best
i wonder who funds them
i don’t have much choice. provided they don’t explicitly say that i endorse something, there is no legal recourse.
it was an honor to meet at starbase and discuss exciting future projects!
i hope it’s a good product!
tragically, it wasn’t even oil from a snake!
good move by
no, i interact with interesting comments that i see too, even if made by people i don’t follow
i’m a bot &amp; so’s my wife
wow, you must be sherlock f* holmes. i’m joking.
not to mention potential bugs in the code. open source is the way to go to solve both trust and efficacy.
i’m not suggesting malice in the algorithm, but rather that it’s trying to guess what you might want to read and, in doing so, inadvertently manipulate/amplify your viewpoints without you realizing this is happening
that’s a deep cut (sigh)
yes, that would have a big impact!
with usernames like that, the bots aren’t even trying hard!
there is some chance it might be over 90% of daily active users, which is the metric that matters to advertisers. very odd that the most popular tweets of all time were only liked by ~2% of daily active users.
exactly. i have yet to see *any* analysis that has fake/spam/duplicates at &lt;5%.
shame on for shoddy reporting!
incredible art
great shoes
borderline too sexy
sooo tasty at first, but then no more golden eggs …
the golden state is cooking its golden geese
the lawyers who ate california
just another day in elden ring!
twitter legal just called to complain that i violated their nda by revealing the bot check sample size is 100! this actually happened.
(this message brought to you by the illuminaughty)
very important to fix your twitter feed: 1. tap home button. 2. tap stars on upper right of screen. 3. select “latest tweets”. you are being manipulated by the algorithm in ways you don’t realize. easy to switch back &amp; forth to see the difference.
team is working the weekend to get 10.12 in limited release tomorrow. then we evaluate, do a point update, and broaden the release. 10.12.2 is probably where we can expand to a safety score of 95+.
at least, that’s what the lib hivemind thinks haha
whoever thought owning the libs would be cheap never tried to acquire a social media company!
the bots are angry at being counted 🤣
any sensible random sampling process is fine. if many people independently get similar results for % of fake/spam/duplicate accounts, that will be telling. i picked 100 as the sample size number, because that is what twitter uses to calculate &lt;5% fake/spam/duplicate.
i relied upon the accuracy of twitter’s public filings
interesting
if we collectively try to figure out the bot/duplicate user percentage, we can probably crowdsource a good answer
ignore first 1000 followers, then pick every 10th. i’m open to better ideas.
pick any account with a lot of followers
to find out, my team will do a random sample of 100 followers of . i invite others to repeat the same process and see what they discover …
the axiomatic error was that housing prices only go up. i don’t support predatory lending, but many of those lenders were severely wounded or didn’t survive. they dug their own graves – a lesson we should all take to heart, including me.
still committed to acquisition
twitter deal temporarily on hold pending details supporting calculation that spam/fake accounts do indeed represent less than 5% of users
the straw war is emblematic of larger social issues
it still needs more work imo, but we can probably widen the beta a little next month
this is messed up
seriously?
how did it even start?
and tastes like cardboard!
the last straw was the last straw!
stop the war on straws!
but i do think that twitter should authenticate all real users and prioritize those replies above unauthenticated users
the drinking bleach hoax was a hoax
updated starlink availability by region
if twitter can tell the difference between real and fake users, why does it allow these in our comments?
exactly
didn’t occur to founders of usa that people would live so long, so they put in age minimums (for wisdom), but not age maximums (for … 😴)
and also younger than 8000 years old!
biden’s mistake is that he thinks he was elected to transform the country, but actually everyone just wanted less drama
even though i think a less divisive candidate would be better in 2024, i still think trump should be restored to twitter
don’t diss information
disconcerting …
it has potential as a currency
overzealous dmca is a plague on humanity
current copyright law in general goes absurdly far beyond protecting the original creator
the whole notion of being “left wing” or “right wing” is silly. almost no one initially agrees with the semi-random collection of policies associated with each wing. they only support those policies *after* they join the left or right mind tribe.
great thread
yeah
tap on the stars in upper right of screen to revert to chronological
chronological tweets seem much better than what “the algorithm” suggests
literally true. even 100x is possible.
without billions of miles of training data, solving self-driving is impossible
exactly
starlink has resisted russian cyberwar jamming &amp; hacking attempts so far, but they’re ramping up their efforts
important to listen to my full explanation
haha 💯
the tesla china team is amazing
great meeting! we are very much on the same page.
you might be right
int/dex build, so mostly mage with some weapon skills. shield in left hand, staff in right with rapier &amp; claws fast switch. change armor from heavy to medium for fast roll or tank. move talismans around a lot. many small hits in a row to damage stack is important. summon!
and we’re all descended from a skinny shrew! meet your grandparents^n:
dead space 2, fear 2 and bioshock are great
it is amazing. i visited in 2007 and also saw the taj mahal, which truly is a wonder of the world.
video games are scarier than any horror movie by far
interesting. don’t forget to look on the bright side of life sometimes!
chocolate milk is insanely good. just had some.
i’d like to meet this guy (if he is real). hard to tell with deepfakes these days.
like i said, my preference is to hew close to the laws of countries in which twitter operates. if the citizens want something banned, then pass a law to do so, otherwise it should be allowed.
twitter obv has a strong left wing bias
there are no angels in war
not be a buzzkill on this issue, but venice itself is slowly dying due to very low birth rates
thank you for the blessing, but i’m ok with going to hell, if that is indeed my destination, since the vast majority of all humans ever born will be there.
r2-d2 vibes
that won’t be needed
seriously, how tough are you really if can’t even handle 280 chars of criticism!?
sorry! i will do my best to stay alive.
if i die under mysterious circumstances, it’s been nice knowin ya
the word “nazi” doesn’t mean what he seems to think it does
. sent this to russian media
happy mother’s day!
correct
yes! stop the outrageous false esg assessments, where tesla gets a bad grade, but an oil company can get a good grade. total gaming of the system!
at risk of stating the obvious, unless something changes to cause the birth rate to exceed the death rate, japan will eventually cease to exist. this would be a great loss for the world.
how to find secret doors in elden ring
also, work ethic expectations would be extreme, but much less than i demand of myself
sage advice in this thread …
it just keeps happening
like thrust on a 🚀!
next release (10.12) is another step towards all nn’s using surround video &amp; reconciling output to a unified vector space for control code. improves complex intersections in heavy traffic. many upgrades to core code, so taking longer to debug issues. probably wed/thurs release.
copycats!
this will trend to well over 10 times safer
i strongly believe that all managers in a technical area must be technically excellent. managers in software must write great software or it’s like being a cavalry captain who can’t ride a horse!
we must be doing something right!
haha
another starlink mission completed
this rumor originated from a parody account, but got picked up by real media &amp; twitter trends (sigh)
so much to be done on layout. every single pixel matters. hard problem.
if twitter acquisition completes, company will be super focused on hardcore software engineering, design, infosec &amp; server hardware
i’m a big believer in citizen journalism and following individual journalists over publications!
this is false. i’ve had no communication, directly or indirectly, with trump, who has publicly stated that he will be exclusively on truth social.
i didn’t ask anyone out or request particular seating
passive/index investment is simply an amplifier of active investment. if active investment signal degrades in quality, passive is proportionately impacted. also, if there are very few actual active investors, their decisions can greatly increase company valuation volatility.
interesting. i wonder if those funding these organizations are fully aware of what the organizations are doing.
i dunno … seems kinda fungible
slashdot has some of the best comments
and that’s why i’m not in show biz
awareness awakening
some revenue is better than none!
you guys are awesome 🤩
twitter will always be free for casual users, but maybe a slight cost for commercial/government users
accurate
here’s hoping🤞
george, please slide into my dms!
i will call him and ask
ultimately, the downfall of the freemasons was giving away their stonecutting services for nothing
sunlight is the best disinfectant
who funds these organizations that want to control your access to information? let’s investigate …
yeah, we paid for rent by turning the house into a nightclub &amp; charging $5
literally 10 times higher than it should be
also, as mentioned before, we will try to keep as many shareholders as legally possible in privately held twitter!
apple’s store is like having a 30% tax on the internet. definitely not ok.
i was going full looney tunes haha
tesla is now over 110k direct jobs and roughly 500k indirect, factoring in suppliers
talked to an npc with aggro==255
starlink is awesome for rv’s, camping or any activity away from cities
that is why we must clear out bots, spam &amp; scams. is something actually public opinion or just someone operating 100k fake accounts? right now, you can’t tell. and algorithms must be open source, with any human intervention clearly identified. then, trust will be deserved.
there is so much potential with twitter to be the most trusted &amp; broadly inclusive forum in the world!
yeah, kids starting with lots of money usually have much less motivation than those who have nothing. when we started our first company (zip2) in 95, i had over $100k of student debt, a computer i built myself and a few thousand dollars.
they will say anything to shift support away from me. think of it as information war, not normal dialogue.
time to make life multiplanetary
or twitter
can only read one side. looks like “ax the itch”?
making funny faces at the met
i saw you trending as twitter ceo 🤣
hey, why are they already writing my suicide story!?
as i was saying …
haha 💯
all’s well that’s orwell
the elusive beauty of imperfection 侘寂
that is exactly the question
that’s a vanity fair party and she photobombed me in the background, but you know that already, don’t know?
where is their “client” list? shouldn’t at least one of them go down!?
nbc basically saying republicans are nazis …
will do our best
sphincter valve?
i wonder what the world be like if ludendorff hadn’t sent lenin a train
sell shadow crew merch to buy twitter?
my shadrow crew is sickkk! also, who are they again?
by mass, earth is composed of ~32% iron. next most common element by mass is oxygen at ~30%, but only a small portion of that is in the atmosphere.
an amazing example of what implanted electrodes can do, even when there are only a few large wires
haha he says “bitcoin” so many times
since i’ve been asked a lot: buy stock in several companies that make products &amp; services that *you* believe in. only sell if you think their products &amp; services are trending worse. don’t panic when the market does. this will serve you well in the long-term.
munger is correct
major problem. passive/index managers should vote in the best interests of shareholders, not shift responsibility to proxy advisory firms.
exactly. right before he died, jack bogle (of vanguard fame) said index/passive funds were too great a percentage of the market and he really knew what he was talking about! there should be a shift back towards active investment. passive has gone too far.
exactly, decisions are being made on behalf of actual shareholders that are contrary to their interests! major problem with index/passive funds.
not a bad idea
true
humans
no kidding …
phew
i’ve talked to many more people who were helped by psychedelics &amp; ketamine than ssris &amp; amphetamines
drugs, alcohol especially, have played a major role throughout history
a friend just emailed me about her bad ritalin experience. best to be cautious with all neurotransmitter drugs.
i have not heard bad things about ritalin, which is not good to say it’s good, just haven’t heard bad things about it
wellbutrin is way worse than adderall imo. it should be taken off the market. every time that drug has come up in conversation, someone at the table has a suicide or near suicide story.
you will always be my captain
adderall is an anger amplifier. avoid at all costs.
antarctica, which is a massive continent, only had a human settlement ~127 years ago
true
stop hitting on me, i’m really shy ☺️
no, i meant wide release to high safety score beta participants. going to all beta participants is expected later this year.
update probably goes to wide release next week. this is a big one.
true haha
the people of twitter strongly agree that twitter needs to be fixed
but i’m no fan of the far right either. let’s have less hate and more love.
the far left hates everyone, themselves included!
this is messed up
i try not to pick fights, but i do finish them
the car knows that something is there, just doesn’t know that they’re horses yet, but it will. dogs, cats and many other animals will also be recognized.
i strongly supported obama for president, but today’s democratic party has been hijacked by extremists
no further tsla sales planned after today
“real magic is only a sip away.” (actual slogan of coca-cola!!) 🤣🤣
. oh hi lol
same
freedom of speech means freedom of speech
discomforting
accurate interview
fcc ftw!
sounds like satire
great show!
trumpet is legit a way better name
listen, i can’t do miracles ok
let’s make twitter maximum fun!
kicks red bull’s ass!
some sci-fi that actually features sci-fi would be great
next i’m buying coca-cola to put the cocaine back in
twitter dms should have end to end encryption like signal, so no one can spy on or hack your messages
what are talking about? i’m just saying twitter needs to be politically neutral.
for twitter to deserve public trust, it must be politically neutral, which effectively means upsetting the far right and the far left equally
the washington post targets me relentlessly! their insults could be higher quality, but some are not bad. i gave them 3 stars on yelp.
almost every media outlet on earth wrote about me acquiring twitter, causing a massive influx of new users
yeah, i noticed that too. pretty weird.
should be called trumpet instead!
truth social (terrible name) exists because twitter censored free speech
truth social is currently beating twitter &amp; tiktok on the apple store
sounds pretty bad …
suspending the twitter account of a major news organization for publishing a truthful story was obviously incredibly inappropriate
raptor 2 rocket engines at starbase, each producing over half a million pounds (230 tons) of force
by “free speech”, i simply mean that which matches the law. i am against censorship that goes far beyond the law. if people want less free speech, they will ask government to pass laws to that effect. therefore, going beyond the law is contrary to the will of the people.
the extreme antibody reaction from those who fear free speech says it all
can someone please give the npcs a bigger dialogue tree!?
i hope that even my worst critics remain on twitter, because that is what free speech means
and be my love in the rain
the instagram curse: water everywhere, yet always thirsty.
i do love humanity
the san francisco office of the sec were shameless puppets of wall st shortseller sharks, while doing nothing to protect actual shareholders. that is why i lost all respect for them.
the head of saudi pif committed unequivocally to take tesla private with me, as witnessed by the tesla cfo and several others. that is why i said funding was secured.
underground tunnels are immune to surface weather conditions (subways are a good example), so it wouldn’t matter to hyperloop if a hurricane was raging on the surface. you wouldn’t even notice.
in the coming years, boring co will attempt to build a working hyperloop. from a known physics standpoint, this is the fastest possible way of getting from one city center to another for distances less than ~2000 miles. starship is faster for longer journeys.
next beta release has many improvements, especially for complex left turns &amp; heavy traffic
strange how these things are bucketed. i think of the whole company as being r&amp;d.
first one definitely, second is nice to have and third isn’t needed imo
drug naming conventions are so ridiculous! does someone just literally have a random syllable generator!?
(from making fun of gates for shorting tesla while claiming to support climate change action)
getting there
definitely. might be less than 5 years away, as current version neuralinks are semi-generalized neural read/write devices with ~1000 electrodes and tinnitus probably needs &lt;&lt;1000. future gen neuralinks will increase electrode count by many orders of magnitude.
in the meantime, semaglutide (aka ozempic/rybelsus) appears to be effective in appetite control with minor side effects
current generation neuralinks can help to some degree, but an advanced case of alzheimers often involves macro degeneration of the brain. however, neuralinks should theoretically be able restore almost any functionality lost due *localized* brain damage from stroke or injury.
if you’ve engineered or manufactured smart watches or phones, please join neuralink! your skills are directly applicable.
it is an electronics/mechanical/software engineering problem for the neuralink device that is similar in complexity level to smart watches (which are not easy!), plus the surgical robot, which is comparable to state-of-the art cnc machines. no need for ai/ nn/ml quite yet.
moving on …
also, epic printer scene in office space
your new title at block is 🔥🔥
yeah
esg ratings make no sense
elden ring is incredible, but why are extremely gory death/murder scenes ok, but panties get you banned!?
🤣 also why are there still printers?
tesla china is doing incredible work
shadow ban council reviewing tweet …
in case u need to lose a boner fast
yeah, but i didn’t leak it to nyt. they must have got it through friends of friends. i heard from multiple people at ted that gates still had half billion short against tesla, which is why i asked him, so it’s not exactly top secret.
fsd is best in bay area, given engineering mostly lives there, but rest of country will soon be at that level
something like that
good list
so many “verified” scam crypto bots!
i will verify you. the current process for verification is like if kafka had a magic 8-ball!
i wish we did. would be better for making life multiplanetary.
what is best in life?
the barbarians are at the gate
the real tragedy is that tie i’m wearing!
that number should probably be on my gravestone at this point
believe in the future
tesla is really a dozen or more startups if you look at all the things created from scratch that aren’t present in other car companies
and authenticate all real humans
indeed (heavy sigh)
if our twitter bid succeeds, we will defeat the spam bots or die trying!
such a joy to work with amazingly talented people at spacex, tesla, neuralink &amp; boring co!
diess deserves a lot of credit for moving vw rapidly towards electrification. they’re lucky to have him.
my true moral error was creating tesla &amp; spacex at same time, while avoiding general mgmt chores at tesla (focusing only on product &amp; engineering). tried to have my cake &amp; eat it too, which failed.
agreed. i wish jb &amp; i had just moved forward to commercialize the tzero without adding other partners. in the end, that’s what happened anyway.
resistance is futile
the esthetics of the new rendering will improve
snl is so rarely funny these day (sigh)
making rocket reuse normal is the goal
always look on the bright side of life
maybe jb would be up for that too. he deserves a lot of credit (as do many longtime tesla people).
ok sure
the failures are mine, the successes belong to others
i should, but that would take a lot of time away from tesla, spacex &amp; other work. walter isaacson is writing a book.
exactly
i put in all i had, whereas eberhard, who was worth over $10m at the time, refused to invest a penny to help tesla. if it was really his baby, he would never have stood by while it starved to death.
but if he was actually capable of creating a company like tesla, he would have done so after he was fired for lying outrageously about cost &amp; progress of roadster in mid 2007. we would’ve lost at least a few talented people if he was the real deal, but we lost no one.
eberhard has been relentlessly pushing a false narrative about tesla for 15 years. he’s a compelling liar. fooled me for almost 3 years.
they say history is written by the victors, but not on wikipedia if the losing party is still alive &amp; has lots of time on their hands!
when eberhard was fired unanimously by the board in july 2007 (for damn good reasons), no one left with him. that says it all.
if filing a shell corp constitutes “founding a company”, then i’d be the only founder of paypal, since i filed the original incorporation docs for (later renamed paypal), but that’s not what founding means.
not even close to that. it was a shell corp with no employees, no ip, no designs, no prototype, literally nothing but a biz plan to commercialize ac propulsion’s tzero car, which was introduced to me by jb straubel, *not* eberhard. even name “tesla motors” was owned by others!
please consider working at the boring company! our goal is to solve traffic, which plagues every major city on earth.
hopefully, i didn’t say too many dumb things
tesla opex is embarrassingly high imo!
$1t valuation with $0 advertising spend
does it accurately portray software engineers?
yeah
had to been done
_______ is the night
can they please just make sci-fi/fantasy at least *mostly* about sci-fi/fantasy?
true
i love pinball wizard!
absolutely
the woke mind virus is making netflix unwatchable
a social media platform’s policies are good if the most extreme 10% on left and right are equally unhappy
extremely concerning. who is pushing this censorship/deplatforming? very shadowy.
spacex falcon team making great progress! aiming for 5 day launch cadence with many performance &amp; refurb improvements.
why, thank you, sir!
board salary will be $0 if my bid succeeds, so that’s ~$3m/year saved right there
since he is consistently wrong, it should be possible to do quite well simply by doing the opposite of what he recommends
i feel it’s important that one’s hat also have a hat. long-standing belief.
i used to be such a snappy dresser!
i think my clothes are too big for me
i love it, sign me up
sounds high
i should probably stop cutting my own hair haha
good interview
happy easter!
smooth landing video
based on feedback received, we will drop mobile connector price to $200 &amp; make it easy to order with car. note, mobile connector is not needed if you have a tesla wall connector or to use superchargers. recommend installing tesla wall connector well before car arrives.
in fairness to the twitter board, this might be more of a concern about other potential bidders vs just me
usage statistics were super low, so seemed wasteful. on the (minor) plus side, we will be including more plug adapters with the mobile connector kit.
🎶 love me tender 🎶
wow, with jack departing, the twitter board collectively owns almost no shares! objectively, their economic interests are simply not aligned with shareholders.
civilization, as defined by the invention of writing, is only ~5500 years old
indeed
thanks for teaching me so much about rocket engines!
my most immediate takeaway from this novella of a thread is that twitter is *way* overdue for long form tweets!
as i was saying …
6 seconds, better said as 6000 milliseconds, which is a long time to computers, is about right
if the current twitter board takes actions contrary to shareholder interests, they would be breaching their fiduciary duty. the liability they would thereby assume would be titanic in scale.
good question
taking twitter private at $54.20 should be up to shareholders, not the board
absolutely. it would be utterly indefensible not to put this offer to a shareholder vote. they own the company, not the board of directors.
interesting. just two questions, if i may. how much of twitter does the kingdom own, directly &amp; indirectly? what are the kingdom’s views on journalistic freedom of speech?
will endeavor to keep as many shareholders in privatized twitter as allowed by law
i made an offer
great idea
coming soon
exciting times ahead
disconnected from what it takes to make stuff
i’m serious about this one btw
exactly
price should probably be ~$2/month, but paid 12 months up front &amp; account doesn’t get checkmark for 60 days (watch for cc chargebacks) &amp; suspended with no refund if used for scam/spam
it should go away or scammers will game the system by signing up only for a few months
maybe even an option to pay in doge?
yes, should be proportionate to affordability &amp; in local currency
exactly. it would massively expand the verified pool &amp; make bot armies too expensive to maintain.
you will get it back, even though you shorted tesla, you bastard 🤣
weather is fake. i seen truman show!
the resemblance is uncanny
as the saying goes, when the government first prints money, everyone feels like a winner, but in the end no one does
fake news purveyors would have hysterics, but a ratings system would improve quality of news greatly
all of earth is a tiny dust mote compared to the sun
69.420% of statistics are false
truth is the first casualty.
yeah
absolutely
now subtract crypto scam accounts that twitter constantly shows as “real” people in everyone’s feed
and only posted once this entire year
for example, hasn’t posted anything in 3 months
most of these “top” accounts tweet rarely and post very little content. is twitter dying?
interesting
we have some cool ideas for sustainable lithium extraction &amp; refinement
true
price of lithium has gone to insane levels! tesla might actually have to get into the mining &amp; refining directly at scale, unless costs improve. there is no shortage of the element itself, as lithium is almost everywhere on earth, but pace of extraction/refinement is slow.
team did amazing work!
i mean … that’s a lot of hamsters 🐹
smooth video courtesy of bolting starlinks to the deck. they are able to handle high vibration &amp; acoustics.
master chief would love it haha
flight-proven!
great work by tesla texas team!! built &amp; delivered first giga texas production cars &amp; threw a killer opening party 💥💫 🚘
show starts in ~20 mins
cool!
the door won’t be super strict
preparing …
i will give a talk around 9
🇺🇸🇺🇸 gigafactory texas 🇺🇸🇺🇸 grand opening party tomorrow! doors open at 4, festivities at 8
great games
no sale took place. initial share number filed was incorrect.
increasingly likely that the tesla vehicle computer will be able to process 288 fps (36 hz * 8 cameras)
10.12 will significantly improve unprotected left turns
the power used by humans is so tiny compared to how much power from the sun reaches earth! solar power is ~1gw per sq km. at current solar efficiency, net electrical power is ~200 mw per square km. the entire united states can be powered by a small corner of texas.
yikes
wapo always good for a laugh 🤣🤣
thanks jack!
looking forward to working with parag &amp; twitter board to make significant improvements to twitter in coming months!
yeah, single most annoying problem on twitter imo
that sounds reasonable
facebook gives me the willies
that is harder than a boss battle in ds3!
i mean, if the people vote overwhelmingly for something, it is at least *a* data point!
do you want an edit button?
staggeringly unfunny
first i’ve learned of this. will be patched shortly.
spain should build a massive solar array. could power all of europe.
oh hi lol
berlin rocks
raptor pump power is over 100mw per engine &amp; 33 engines, means over 3gw. not even remotely possible for electric motors &amp; batteries to compete.
we aim for 30% gm or ~10% profitability, all costs included
good summary
george lucas once told me that the only reason star wars got made is because the old studio heads died
old people don’t change their minds, with rare exception, they just die. without death, there would not be change.
i am inspired by curiosity. that is what drives me. so let us expand the scope &amp; scale of consciousness so that we may aspire to understand the universe.
there will come a time in the future where people will be surprised that we let practically anyone drive a 2 ton death machine anywhere they want
peace. peace? i hate the word. those who do care about peace (myself aspirationally included) don’t need to hear it. and those who don’t care about peace? well …
i look kinda dumb in that pic haha
and shakespeare had no surviving descendants
i am increasingly convinced that corporate esg is the devil incarnate
he never had even one kid 😞
seriously. one of them might been einstein!
i’m talking about not having kids in the first place. that’s the problem.
but we should
humanity did not evolve to mourn the unborn
exactly
they wrote peace on the wall at berghain! i refused enter.
this might be gearing up to be literally the biggest party on earth
this was an *exceptionally* difficult quarter due to supply chain interruptions &amp; china zero covid policy. outstanding work by tesla team &amp; key suppliers saved the day.
starship is the key to making life multiplanetary &amp; protecting the light of consciousness
well said
definitely not right that the other officers were charged with nothing. what message does this send in general to officers who stand by while another does wrong?
where’s the banana!?
nine years later
must be due to relativistic aging 😉
brought home by same person who placed it there almost a decade ago
congratulations bob &amp; doug on docking &amp; hatch opening on !
sure
probably
dragon docks with in ~3 hours
dragonship endeavor
5 mins to t-0
falcon/dragon are designed to withstand multiple lightning strikes, but we don’t think it would be wise to take this risk
proceeding with countdown today, weather cancellation risk ~50%
worth noting that, as of jan 1, tesla buyers no longer received any federal tax credit. model 3 led despite this disadvantage.
we slowed down a bit to allow supercharger v3 production to get going, but now will speed up!
more superchargers coming soon!
human kind
sunset
yeah, atlantic weather review tomorrow morning will determine if we can launch
feels so long ago
haha true
i sure hope so!
dragon dawn
thanks lex!
good question
worth reading
sorry to hear that. orbit is hard. took us four attempts with falcon 1.
thanks buzz!
the is circling earth at 25 times the speed of sound
no problem
cute as a button
fallout new omaha
his ideas sound sensible, but he was not my or spacex’s “brain coach”. i think he maybe gave a talk once.
5 years ago. we need to accelerate progress towards fully reusable rockets. cost per ton to orbit needs to improve by &gt;1000% from where falcon is today for there to be a self-sustaining city on mars.
mars needs to happen soon
made on earth by humans
cool
pretty much
reviewed design with franz last night. even 3% smaller is too small. will be pretty much this size. we’ll probably do a smaller, tight world truck at some point.
haha true! hard to convey tone in tweets. many people would probably be a lot less upset if they heard me speak the words.
astronauts to orbit in 5 days!!
the medium is the message
time to return
new new hampshire license plate?
open your eyes, look up to the skies
great episode
sure
jay *really* knows cars! next-level.
i’m a big fan of kathy lueders!
mission control at the cape
culmination of a truly incredible amount of work by &amp; engineering, along with support of all international countries
sure
cool group
astronauts to orbit next week!
true
i am … openly moderate
more fun, less shun!
exactly
cancel cancel culture!
the fsd price will continue to rise as the software gets closer to full self-driving capability with regulatory approval. it that point, the value of fsd is probably somewhere in excess of $100,000.
tesla full self-driving option cost rises by ~$1000 worldwide on july 1st. order a tesla online in less than 2 minutes at
zach made a significant contribution to spacex &amp; is a friend. i wish him well as he tries something new.
great. just sleeps &amp; eats, overall pretty chill.
maybe today if we’re lucky
one of my fav matrix memes 🤣🤣
when u take dayquil &amp; nyquil at same time
take the red pill 🌹
no problem
i still only own 0.25 bitcoins btw
pretty much, although massive currency issuance by govt central banks is making bitcoin internet 👻 money look solid by comparison
pretty much
true
agreed, people have forgotten how much in-person events matter! also, there’s a lot to see. it’s not just a presentation.
making great candy is harder than it seems!
maximize the freedom of action of the people
true
napoleon was incredible. “it is my wish that my ashes may repose on the banks of the seine, in the midst of the french people, whom i have loved so well.”
the age of napoleon by will &amp; ariel durant is an amazing book
a few weeks away
totally. collective mind control by stoking fear.
yes, improvement is exponential
yeah. maybe following individual journalists &amp; citizen journalists is better than publications. the onion may be the best mainstream media source. hard to figure out what’s actually going on in the world!
it’s remarkable how often the news attempts to answer the question: what is the worst thing that happened on earth today?
still am
more or less crazy than reality itself?
it’s next-level for sure. reality is getting weird fast.
famous last words
i said run for office, not president (sigh). who even owns newsweek these days? i lost track.
boring co will also connect vegas hotels &amp; airport. autonomous teslas in tunnels will provide individualized mass transit.
we’re going to have to push out the date or attendance will be very low. maybe do in two parts: webcast next month &amp; in-person event a few months later?
hospitals are going bankrupt for lack of patients
true (sigh)
seriously, big candy is suppressing r&amp;d! when’s the last time you heard of a great new candy bar?
he was critical of large bureaucracies &amp; napoleon iii was indeed a knucklehead
fair point, pytorch is great!
capitalism already has many fetters in the form of a plethora of regulatory bodies! i’m definitely against any monopolies/oligopolies where there is a low forcing function for improving customer happiness or an unpriced externality that consumes a common good (eg emissions).
probably sooner
this is happening a lot
that would be cool!
very much agree!
🤣🤣 along with several guillotine death threats!
boring company completes 2nd vegas tunnel
in his 18th brumaire essay (in which he does make some good points), marx famously said history repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce. this is now ironically happening with marxism.
exactly
tesla makes the safest cars in the world &amp; our factory injury rate is better than industry avg &amp; tracking to be better than any auto plant in north america. we care deeply about safety at a fundamental level.
spacex has 8000 employees in california, washington, texas &amp; florida. operating this entire time, as we have national security exemption. zero deaths or serious illnesses.
absolutely. tesla already went through this in china with 7000 employees. zero fatalities or serious illnesses.
the statistics stopped being valid when anyone with “covid symptoms”, which is now almost anything, was counted as having covid
well said! please run for office. the politicians &amp; unelected bureaucrats who stole our liberty should be tarred, feathered &amp; thrown out of town!
exactly
exactly
thanks for adding!
tesla supercharger usage by region
facebook sucks
fair point
super exciting day coming up!
the custom styling some of the team is doing over their masks is really cool!
exactly!
said another way, falcon heavy has 2/3 thrust of saturn v. starship/super heavy will have double thrust of saturn v.
cost-plus contracting is the devil
hi jared, colorado is great! i think your policies make a lot of sense.
life should be lived
tolkien rocks
for sure ♥️
best group on fb by far
personally, i think we should
this is getting annoying. honestly, i’m not sure it’s even helping their scam!
those who always disagree have a closed mind … but, by their very nature, that won’t sink in (sigh)
it’s not often that the governor of california &amp; the president agree!
it appears that what he is saying is untrue
lil baby
great
wow, great writing!
all other car companies are allowed to manufacture *except* tesla, you knucklehead. no wonder you got crushed by a computer the size of a pizza box.
much appreciated!
that’s pretty much what happened
pretty close. it will look absurdly tall &amp; have a lot more ground support equipment.
haggerty actually admitted to nyt that he told his staff to “slow down” tesla for reasons that had nothing to do with health. unreal …
exactly
don’t mislead the public. state said yes, an unelected county official is the problem. tesla factory in adjacent san joaquin county is fully operational.
tesla is restarting production today against alameda county rules. i will be on the line with everyone else. if anyone is arrested, i ask that it only be me.
yes, california approved, but an unelected county official illegally overrode. also, all other auto companies in us are approved to resume. only tesla has been singled out. this is super messed up!
zork with ai dungeon master
note is much appreciated
interesting
yes, this is insane
babies rock 💕
good summary
that would be great
we should do this
thanks for the cool suggestions 😀❤️👍 more fun coming to your tesla soon!
for real
absolutely
happy mother’s day to other mothers!! ♥️♥️♥️
message received
this thread summarizes situation perfectly
sheriff bianco rocks!
they were amazing
absolutely. moreover, they don’t even need to be tested for covid, just need “covid-like symptoms”, which is a long list, including “feeling weakness”. hard to die *without* feeling weakness!
georgia lifted lockdown 15 days ago
he is right
we are a pattern of atoms
pretty much
exactly
sn4 passed high pressure (7.5 bar) &amp; engine thrust load at cryo
❤️ u mom
sorry
i’m not messing around. absurd &amp; medically irrational behavior in violation of constitutional civil liberties, moreover by *unelected* county officials with no accountability, needs to stop.
much appreciated, mayor fine!
thanks mayor mei!
absolutely
please voice your disagreement as strongly as possible with
yes, already done
tesla is the biggest manufacturer in california &amp; second biggest exporter
exactly! tesla knows far more about what needs to be done to be safe through our tesla china factory experience than an (unelected) interim junior official in alameda county.
absolutely, please do! you should be allowed to recoup damages from the county.
san joaquin county, right next door to alameda, has been sensible &amp; reasonable, whereas alameda has been irrational &amp; detached from reality. our castings foundry and other faculties in san joaquin have been working 24/7 this entire time with no ill effects. same with giga nevada.
frankly, this is the final straw. tesla will now move its hq and future programs to texas/nevada immediately. if we even retain fremont manufacturing activity at all, it will be dependen on how tesla is treated in the future. tesla is the last carmaker left in ca.
tesla is filing a lawsuit against alameda county immediately. the unelected &amp; ignorant “interim health officer” of alameda is acting contrary to the governor, the president, our constitutional freedoms &amp; just plain common sense!
no, i have a license!
b-nut 🤣
half a 🐝, philosophically, must ipso facto half not 🐝
turns out hobbits are enormous
once again, i must recommend
glad we could help
it’s true
coming soon
yes, this is a high priority
operating on a prime directive of crash avoidance, it could automatically intervene when crash probability is approaching 100%
pain can certainly be turned off, but we’re not sure what the best initial test case (max goodness for least risk to patient) would be quite yet
teslas automatically maintain their internal temperature to within safe limits in case a pet or child is left in the car
that’s harder than it sounds. will check with team.
it’s not all about engineering, although that is my personal favorite. striving to make products or provide services in excess of what you consume is the noble goal.
to be clear, i do think finance &amp; law are important, but too many smart people in the us go into those fields. also, too many mbas.
yes, mostly because you can use the ship every week going to the moon instead of every two years for mars (best case)
would be about 10 times that cost for payload to surface of mars
starship + super heavy propellant mass is 4800 tons (78% o2 &amp; 22% ch4). i think we can get propellant cost down to ~$100/ton in volume, so ~$500k/flight. with high flight rate, probably below $1.5m fully burdened cost for 150 tons to orbit or ~$10/kg.
a mandatory tracing app would be insane
true
probably makes sense to have a “details” section of the app that mirrors everything in the car. would also allow phone to be used in lieu of car screen if car screen faults for any reason.
franz and i do have absurdly similar tastes 🤣🤣
would cover latitude of london
peak rate of about half that for version 1 is about right, but heavily dependent on users per cell. aiming for latency under 20 ms.
it will only work for higher latitudes (seattle) at first, then get progressively closer to the equator
sure :)
way more important than it sounds
yeah!!
a fully &amp; rapidly reusable orbital rocket is fundamental to extending life beyond earth. propellant cost is roughly a 1000th of vehicle cost (unless using a foolish propellant). same principle as cars, planes, boats, etc.
sls makes me feel sad
no, they will be smashed beyond repair &amp; corroded
yeah, although hydrogen is not a great choice for a booster engine
a great mystery of the universe
it’s so tragic that these engines just crash into the ocean every flight
roundabouts no problem, but dodging distracted human drivers very tricky!
looks about right. ice mining/refining on mars &amp; maximizing total system efficiency will be hard. co2 is easy, as mars atmosphere is mostly that. also has good amount of n2, which is important for life.
in this case, just chilling the gas back to liquid
yes, converts co2 &amp; h2o to ch4 &amp; o2. perfect for mars!
flare stack flamed out. in a few weeks we’ll be recondensing methane using solar power, so no flare stack.
turns on city street intersections is the big one
yes. static fire feeding from fuel header vs main tank.
not spacex
his son sounds great btw
2008 was a super tough year on all levels
tesla &amp; spacex are the top two destinations for engineers, because you can have the most fun creating kickass technology! that’s why.
good for them! about half the us will be mostly open by this weekend.
that was the whole company back then. grew organically from a simple mariachi party in el segundo.
u r a powerful 🧚‍♀️👸
wishing good vibes for all in 2nd half 2020
i mean, this does seem like a time for dad jokes … 🤣🤣
orange you glad it’s not entomology?
yeah, but stopped doing physically risky things after the kids were born
sr-71, but yes
not to mention
thanks maria 💕
possibly even flatter!
hopefully so
what’s wild is that super heavy will have 31 raptor engines in same space!
it’s true, the pressure bulkheads are too pointy
starship sn4 passed static fire
happy, healthy &amp; cute as a button :)
this person is wrong. why does jd want to believe he got cucked so bad anyway!?
there would be time-stamped video if this were true
should be a lot of fun!
there are many pieces to the puzzle
dke in a nutshell: we’re almost always dumber than we think we are
that would be awesome
this is false. jd’s team put out “video evidence”, but conveniently excluded the date stamp, as it was well after jd &amp; ah had separated.
yeah, definitely a future feature
levitt rocks
important to distinguish died with covid vs died because of covid. also, distinguish between tested positive for covid or only had symptoms.
thanks! something more should be done. this guy has caused massive strife to the world with his absurdly fake “science”.
what a tool
nope. thanks!
thanks :) never too young for some ink haha
mom &amp; baby all good
a few hours away!
anyway, we’re just talking about 2% here, so not much. confident model s will get 400+ miles as soon as retest is allowed.
weird that epa would deny this. we have precise car logs that confirm it happened. happy to provide them.
i hope anything lands
it seems unlikely right now
mostly accurate. liquid ch4 temp got too high this time. offloading propellant. will we retry later today.
thanks!
commentary is quite entertaining! mst3k
sn4 🔥 soon. raptor looks so smōl.
good chance it accelerates viral vaccines &amp; cures
true 🤣🤣
what’s troubling is that this doesn’t get humanity a base on the moon or even a small crewed mars mission
excuse me, that’s mr. bizznizz 🧲. where’s the respek!? 🤣🤣
there are many silver linings &amp; that is one
exactly
who is running this lame collection of bots &amp; trolls anyway? try harder! i’m an engineer, knucklehead. just do “business” on the side.
online
well said, lord sumption, well said!
ok, we will
yes, about a month away from testing raptor vacuum
a little. will have 31 engines, not 37, no big fins and legs similar to ship. that thrust dome is the super hard part. raptor sl thrust starts at 200 ton, but upgrades in the works for 250 ton.
anyone think they can get a good multiplayer minecraft working on teslas? or maybe create a game that interacts virtually with reality like pokémon go while driving safely? like a complex version of pac-man or mario kart?
minecraft has amazing legs
that was 2.5 years ago &amp; still not even on the moon. progress must accelerate!
pretty much
what excites you about 2030?
i don’t want to set the world on fire by the ink spots
one of the all-time best songs
rocket rd, hawthorne ca 90250
sure, thanks :)
very much so
pretty much
freedom
are we still free? are we still brave? hell yeah!!
exactly
hopefully in a few days
haha
we’re going to try landing starship on the moon with enough propellant to return to earth
how much for some anime bitcoin?
reality is its own parrot parody
there will be no mars if we let them take our freedom away
bring it on
as always, i am optimistic about tesla long-term
baby due on monday
don’t need the cash. devoting myself to mars and earth. possession just weigh you down.
my gf is mad at me
just one stipulation on sale: i own gene wilder’s old house. it cannot be torn down or lose any its soul.
rage, rage against the dying of the light of consciousness
exactly. how cheaply freedom is sold.
o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
and the rocket's red glare, the bombs bursting in air
now give people back their freedom
tesla stock price is too high imo
i am selling almost all physical possessions. will own no house.
incentives matter
starship is making good progress
what is real any more
you got it!
exactly
well said
this needs to stop
ai makes more progress
this is misleading to the public
classifying all deaths as corona even if corona didn’t cause the death is simply a lie
great work by spacex team &amp; very much appreciate faith in starship by !
you don’t say …
sound reasoning
sweden is sensible
why forced isolation is bad
california hhs server crashed. maybe it has covid.
actual data reference chhs
hospitals in california have been half empty this whole time
very sensible
true
yes, reopen with care &amp; appropriate protection, but don’t put everyone under de facto house arrest
free america now
give people their freedom back!
which isn’t easy!
too much the moral arbiter of the world
silicon valley has become sanctimonious valley
hopefully start serving africa early next year
soon, it will be in tiktok
oddly mesmerizing
haha true. great headline. it’s quite hard to have rocket test articles not explode, as they so desperately want to!
interesting
just one. sn5 will get three.
static fire with raptor hopefully later this week
4.9 bar. kind of a softball tbh, but that’s enough to fly!
great work by spacex engineering!
sn4 passed cryo proof! 😅
what do you make of the ft claims?
ft is saying current death rate is extremely unusual, but you’re saying 2017 was higher. which is correct?
snowing in texas
cryo test underway
how is it considered probable if there’s no covid test? is just a cough or high temperature enough?
so dark out there
would be helpful to distinguish deaths caused by covid vs unrelated to covid!
true
. may be 🥜 but his tweets are 🔥🔥
interesting …
pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
docs make good points
yes, switching soon to a 300 series alloy with higher ductility at cryogenic temp. 301 is good as sheet, but not as plate. also, a lot of geometric changes.
successive iteration of both design &amp; manufacturing. latter is 1000% harder than former.
it’s a little dicey tbh. thrust dome is being redesigned. current one has four separate layers of steel in some places!
physically ready in a few weeks. approvals may take longer.
aiming for cryo pressure test tonight
sn4 passed ambient pressure test
romance mode 🔥
dogecoin mode
great
heard same from doc i trust
no, good chance of rud (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event, but landing pad is separated from launch pad
that basically describes soc 0 vs soc 1 of our fsd computer right now. soon to change!
so often true 🤣🤣
improved process i was referring to was cylinder to cylinder circumferential welds to improve cycle time &amp; reduce pucker. those are still working their way through production.
great labeling tools &amp; talented human labelers really matter. it really is a skilled profession! importance of good tools &amp; infrastructure is underrated.
as usual for most things, building production system for raptor is &gt;1000% harder than designing it
it’s also because of the spitfire engine &amp; wizard
pretty much. being better than human drivers on average is not a super high standard. autonomy will probably be held to a 300% to 1000% higher safety requirement long-term.
progress is good
definitely
many talented engineers are working on fsd at tesla. what matters is solving vision at high frame rate in our compute space with low latency between camera frame &amp; actuation.
sure, we can probably do an update later this year
needs to be more than halfway to east coast
not saying new giga will be in texas, but cybertruck will be produced there wherever it is, as fremont is at max capacity
i agree
mythic quest is 🤣🤣 mttd
mean time to dick is a key measure of any given human or machine intelligence system
merlin is very simple compared to raptor
width currently limited by size of cold-roll press needed to get steel to full hard condition. bigger press will be built long-term.
absolutely
great questions from hack club!
that’s hardcore
the machine stops
hard to imagine 2030
seems so long ago
exactly
welcome to the tesla board! honored to have you.
starship sn4 tank on test stand
yes, same results are showing up pretty much everywhere on earth. contagion is higher in high pop density cities &amp; mortality proportionate to age.
silver lining is that mortality rate is much lower than predicted &amp; herd immunity much higher. good news.
maybe cybertruck will have it …
i’m dying to do super efficient, quiet home hvac with hepa &amp; water distillation. it’s weird, but i really want to do it.
good one
will talk with team. we have a lot on our plate!
side camera view looks a little weird, as meant for self-driving, but will review with team. image will need a little post-processing.
that is more reasonable, especially if mostly loans. oil &amp; gas is an important industry without which civilization could not function at this time, but financial support should be proportionate to rest of economy.
so shall we all
haha sure
good summary
coming soon
yeah, it’s named after my friend joe who suggested the feature
maybe just make joe mode quieter?
private beta begins in ~3 months, public beta in ~6 months, starting with high latitudes
in advance of this, please try to hack starlink &amp; tesla mothership!
there are now 420 operational starlink satellites 🛰 😉
new york seeing same results for invasive ventilators as wuhan
pretty much. we place high value on simulation too, but nothing’s as weird as reality!
it’s made of a special dark foam that’s extremely radio transparent, so as not to affect the phased array antennas. looks a lot like a car sun visor.
solar panel angle during orbit raise / park. we’re fixing it now.
small amount of isopropyl alcohol (cleaning fluid) was trapped in a sensor dead leg &amp; ignited in flight
sure hope so!
frankly, much of the stimulus money is questionable, but this much to oil &amp; gas seems especially so
not the greatest use of money
if this launch succeeds, we will have put up 422 satellites …
thanks! we are taking some key steps to reduce satellite brightness btw. should be much less noticeable during orbit raise by changing solar panel angle &amp; all sats get sunshades starting with launch 9.
makes sense
nice
anything surprising?
numbers i was told from wuhan were 80% to 90% mortality rate for invasive ventilators. those are not good odds.
no kidding …
good article
am in boca working on the rocket with an awesome team, so pretty great :)
definitely header tanks &amp; nosecone on sn5, hopefully flaps too. definitely flaps on sn6
crazy times!
red sky of mars is blue at dawn &amp; dusk
check the warranty …
thanks everyone! still can’t believe i was born 69 days after 4/20 🤓
yes. it will even float for a while.
yeah, and whole lot more! aargh, i’m dying to make cybertruck like yesterday!!
thinking about this …
this is the key paragraph
pretty much
mechanically attached to steel studs. insulation is certainly the intention!
best political platform ever
spacex has a lot of experience berthing &amp; now docking with , which is very difficult. orbital refilling should in theory be easier, since starships dock with themselves &amp; will be uncrewed at first.
great platform 🤣🤣
fully reusable orbital rocket, then orbital refilling, then mars
10% would be impressive. anything below a 20% payload hit would be outstanding.
i sure hope so! this will inspire the world &amp; get people excited about the future, just as apollo did. it wasn’t just that a few people went to the moon, they went there for all humankind.
another reason reported mortality rate is overstated is that dying *with* covid is not same as dying *from* covid. media keeps reporting former, not latter.
maybe 1.5% change to interior dimensions. still very roomy.
probably 3 to 6 months
moreover, there is mounting evidence that invasive is suboptimal for covid. if they put boris johnson on mask ventilator, but *not* invasive, that tells you something! this article incorrectly conflates invasive as “ventilator”, but makes many good points
you’d think they’d at least be wikipedia-level informed about ventilators! it clearly articulates the difference between invasive &amp; non-invasive. it’s very misleading to the public to claim that only the invasive type are “real ventilators”.
my kids loved that one when they were little
congratulations again! starfleet begins …
the way it should be!
you’re welcome! very exciting times ahead for space.
raptor is going through many development tests. merlin is doing acceptance tests, as the design is stable. depending on how you count them, there are about 6 engine stands operating in parallel.
no, as the header tanks are quite small relative to main (~30 tons vs 1200 tons). only uses very tip of the nose.
no, oxygen header tank in nose is important to keep center of mass forward during atmospheric entry
similar, but seemingly small changes can have surprisingly big effects
should be available as an in app purchase next month
you’re right, will fix
good point. yeah, remdesivir is sounding very promising!
orbital human spaceflight returns to the cape in six weeks!
advertising salespeople dressed as truth tellers
trying have fewer parts, so strakes are unlikely. some very counterintuitive cfd results in both hypersonic &amp; subsonic regimes. starship does controlled falling more than flying.
flaps, actuator &amp; static aero are undergoing redesign for mass reduction &amp; simplicity
will do
true
exactly
good progress, but 18 years to launch our first humans is a long time. technology must advance faster or there will be no city on the red planet in our lifetime.
pretty much, although we also sent some medtronic units, which are meant for extreme situations. those require a lot of work to set up &amp; operate. should be used sparingly. spacex is making the valve at the heart of that system.
it’s a hard problem, mostly due to esthetics, but it’s the future we should have
reviewing overall system with vehicle engineering team next week. should have number then.
reduced size by ~3%, center line is more level &amp; lower window sill height
all new
it is about 10% too small, but lots of fun 😀
we’re working on increasing dynamic air suspension travel for better off-roading. needs to kick butt in baja.
karma is real
yeah, super messed up
these were based on direct requests from their icu wards, with exact specifications of each unit provided before shipment
partial list of hospitals to which tesla sent ventilators
perhaps you are unaware that twitter has a search function? the hospitals *themselves* acknowledged receipt of ventilators.
nice
interesting
so true
not to mention medtronic, who makes the most advanced ventilators in the world, also affirming our help!
i literally have the receipts!! this is so dumb. 🤣🤣
. please fix this misunderstanding
exactly
what i find most surprising is that cnn still exists
“dr. levitan advocates combining breathing support from a cpap machine or regular oxygen with comfortable positioning”. yup.
“don’t jump to intubation.” — dr caputo
a mask or nose “ventilator” with moderately increased oxygen % will help. this is common in hospitals. intubation, where a tube is jammed down your throat under sedation &amp; you’re fed high pressure, pure oxygen for several days to weeks is questionable.
sounds about right
roughly what is the survival rate of intubated patients? i’m hearing 10% to 20%. is this overly pessimistic?
i know of two nurses who had their job offers revoked, one in nyc and one in arlington
we’re working super hard on getting traffic lights &amp; stops released. reverse summon (auto park) will be part of the core autopilot software upgrade for fsd later this year.
they were, but are they currently?
interesting
we are hearing almost all hospital icus have excess capacity. in some cases, 60% empty.
does seem that early use is wise. solving late stage c19 probably requires two or three mechanisms of action.
sure
production is by *far* the hard part. that’s why i’m not super worried about early starship failures. initial serial numbers are suboptimal, so would be lawn ornaments if they survived. that said, as lawn ornaments go, they’re pretty sweet …
sn4 won’t get flaps, so can only do flights with engine on. just did a reset this week on flap, actuator &amp; static aero design. either sn5 or sn6 will get flaps.
that’s for sure! 😅
i have great respect for anyone who gets a rocket to orbit! it’s very hard. i’m spending crazy hours on starship design/production. it is truly an honor to work with such great engineers. sn4 is almost done 😀
my (again) personal favorite is
some of the small launcher activity is cool, especially . downsides are helicopter retrieval doesn’t scale to bigger rockets &amp; is highly weather-dependent. also, propulsive landing is needed for moon/mars. that said, it’s probably right move for small leo vehicle.
vast majority of “ventilators” are not intratracheal, but, yes, jamming a pipe down a patient’s throat &amp; driving in high pressure, pure oxygen is definitely not how we evolved! my personal choice would be mask with moderate pressure at ~50% o2.
merlin is arguably version 6 or 7 by now. it’s a real workhorse, but looks so simple next to raptor!
the way things are looking right now, the world will soon be flooded with excess ventilators. even ny is giving them away!
fundamentally, atlas is still dependent on russia to launch
yeah, atlas main engine is russian. great engine, but not us. also, their fairing is swiss. i think interstage &amp; payload separation system also not us.
tesla actually sent out resmed, philips &amp; medtronic units. latter is fully intratracheal. my personal opinion is that some icus are jumping the gun on intubation &amp; setting peep &amp; o2 too high. high pressure, pure oxygen increases risk of lung damage.
sorry, meant to say only us rocket. atlas v is close, but not yet 100%.
tesla *was* saved by an investment in may 2009 from daimler, not govt. without that daimler support, tesla would have died. super appreciated!
exactly. in mid 2009, tesla received non-binding approval for loan program actually signed into law by bush in late 2008. first actual disbursement was q2 2010, long after bk danger passed. loan was repaid early with interest. taxpayers made money on it!!
last i checked, over a million dollars less. moreover, f9 is launching far more often &amp; is only rocket fully nasa-approved for launching astronauts, so that gap is increasing.
also, it costs less $ to insure a falcon 9 mission. that’s the acid test.
to be clear, fremont &amp; shanghai will also be upgraded over time, but it’s hard to retrofit these improvements to an operating paint shop
initial production at giga berlin is model y
you will be able to wrap it in any color or pattern
there’s tough competition for that title, but we will give it our best shot!
giga berlin will have world’s most advanced paint shop, with more layers of stunning colors that subtly change with curvature
this will happen
we stole that from cheetahs
in case it’s not already obvious, our product plan is basically stolen from spaceballs
there’s a lot to talk about just on the battery front, so, yeah, just that. i guess we could answer some powertrain questions in q&amp;a.
just battery day, but it will be great. plaid powertrain will be later this year.
while others party, he study the blade
dayquil or nyquil?
happy easter! follow the 🐇
functionality still looking good for this year. regulatory approval is the big unknown.
it’s not turned on. meant for vandalism monitoring in a robotaxi future. also, the car has transparent windows, so spying has limited value.
turns out that gun is for the toilet paper
correct
yes, this is a real problem. the science is not in doubt.
particulate matter from automotive exhausts has a much more serious impact on health than most people realize
in the future, it will be as strange to have expendable rockets as it would be to have expendable airplanes today. all will be reusable.
the swivel wing design was cool. this seems like a good idea:
strange, as spacex lands on land frequently. russia has very talented engineers, but they must be given reusability as goal or success is impossible.
a lot has happened in 8 years
good talking to you too. it was an honor.
spacex rockets are 80% reusable, theirs are 0%. this is the actual problem.
💯 tragedy
tunnels aren’t required for this, but might be the only realistic way to solve for downtown to downtown travel
but actually
the standard model is amazing for useful predictions. truly amazing. dark * seems sketch, but doesn’t appear to matter to our immediate future.
… is bs
string theory
there’s a bit more to it than that
you’re welcome!
all input is error. when is the fan speed wrong?
plaid cybertruck is what i will drive
i’m not sure whether that number is lucky or unlucky
hard to predict dates right now. most likely postponed to mid may.
in about a year. would come from giga berlin.
you may return the vehicle for a full refund in the unlikely event that it causes domestic discord
essentially
good one
what is simple in one arena is often profound in another
great differences in technology exist in the world about which even hardcore technologists are unaware
certainly no problem for a 144 trillion operations per second computer to make ~15 steering/acceleration/braking maneuvers per second. that’s a trillion calculations between each output command.
humans drive using 2 cameras on a slow gimbal &amp; are often distracted. a tesla with 8 cameras, radar, sonar &amp; always being alert can definitely be superhuman.
cool
aim for zero velocity just above surface &amp; fall. you won’t fall fast.
fine by me
the 20th &amp; final dragon 1 mission is complete
coming soon
definitely
probably best to keep control local, but easy to check status from afar
here you go
puts our basic instincts on a roller coaster
twitter causes id sinuation
that’s our goal!
this is awesome!
starship fuel header tank
like tears in rain
amazing 🤣🤣
music is a limbic resonator
nice ink
not a question of wanting to do it or not, but rather having anyone there to make sure it gets delivered &amp; works
not true
true
starlink direct to mobile phone internet is exclusively with in the us for the first year, then other carriers thereafter. we are starting off working with one carrier in each country, but ultimately hope to serve all carriers.
i keep telling people that this guy is the dictator of brazil, not a judge. he just wears that as a costume. he has supreme executive, judicial and legislative power, aka dictator. the cloak he wears is to trick fools in the west into thinking that he’s a judge.
the current brazilian administration likes to wear the cloak of a free democracy, while crushing the people under its boot
great work by the spacex team
free speech is the foundation of of democracy
𝕏 is the most used news source in brazil. it is what the people want. now, the tyrant de voldemort is crushing the people’s right to free speech.
exactly
this meme never gets old 🤣🤣
believe what they say
we are at a fork in the road of human destiny
clearly a genius
accurate
i use it all the time!
not right
seriously
did they? i have a lot of respect for porsche engineering, although they have some ways to go with electric to match their combustion skills. when they take it apart, they will discover a lot of new technology.
well, they clearly have great taste! important to note that no one receives a discount (including me) and no one is paid to promote our products.
haha true
amazing
so much more efficient
cool
you’re probably right 😬
true
so many lies from legacy media
japan will disappear if something doesn’t change
pretty much 😂
true
maybe they did “nazi” that coming 😂
terrible
nope
he won’t take responsibility for his actions
yeah
inspired by that penguin movie, you will soon have the option of tapping “grok, analysis!” in post details. it will analyze and explain the whole thread discussion for you.
did an orangutan really chase a child while riding a bicycle?
what percentage of the time does this happen?
i think we should change the name. imagine if the government had a “ministry of trust &amp; safety”! orwell would be rofl 🤣
for sure!
put “never went to therapy” on my gravestone
will be worth it
this will backfire
you still need to post high quality content for it to get wide reach. pinned posts will be treated as what you would want on the “front page” if you were a legacy news organization.
has anyone inquired with authorities about this?
hard times
something weird is going on
exactly
vote him out
demented 😂
yeah
area of effect
the platform is neutral, but i will voice whatever opinions i have. that’s the whole point of free speech!
exactly
true
good idea
earth is mostly water
there should not be state-funded media
those illegal migrant flights into florida (funded by your tax dollars) are voter importation to get the state to flip blue. that’s why they target florida. to understand the behavior, understand the incentive.
thanks guys 🥰
hope remains
has he actually done anything illegal?
can we just have a technology publication that is actually about technology!?
indeed
we do need smaller government and deregulation
testing to see if this post reaches people in the greater austin area
that is odd. will investigate.
accurate
he was great
elden ring is such a beautiful game
𝕏 us usage reaches all-time high! 🚀 76b total user-seconds in the us, beating the previous record by 5%.
unmodified picture of the falcon launch
nothing
yeah
true
thanks mom ❤️
yeah!
he was a genius
record usage of 𝕏 during a presidential debate!
maybe nobody
true
interesting
exactly
sentimental fool that i am, i tapped “love and relationships”
the ceo of ford loves electric vehicles!
good thread
two very positive supreme court decisions today. the other decision reducing the power of the regulatory state is a big deal too.
cool, i didn’t realize he bought one
they dress well tbh
have to say that did a good job managing the debate. questions were reasonable and non-partisan. no favoritism was shown to either candidate. this is what the public wants from the media.
cool
yeah
amazing
cool
this is a big deal
yeah
critical to make our cities safe
can’t wait 😵‍💫
it would be nonstop notes 😂
lmao
wow, this is a big deal for addressing overreaching regulation!
thanks mom! ❤️❤️
truth is the first casualty in the war that is politics
great!
indeed
looks fun
yeah!
30 years ago
thanks :)
accurate
mars will be ruled by the martians
tonight was a clear victory … for memes
best plane ever
so true 😂
thanks :)
they’re just talking puppets. it was a setup for a switch.
good question
thanks :)
worth watching
it’s basically just karate kid at scale 😂
starlink now available in madagascar!
yeah
maybe higher
great show
i think it will be universal high income
nice
nice
welcome to the future
yeah
pizza
looks like fun
please provide examples
they are indeed disinformers
maybe more
that is probably an accurate prediction
over 5 million pounds of thrust from 27 engines
yeah
yeah
yeah, seems about the same difficulty as the regular game
up to the martians, but i’d recommend having it in the constitution to begin with, so no amendment needed
pretty sure i saw that in elden ring
true
true
pretty close
yeah. the legal load and pressure for short-term results for a public company are very high.
and money supply increases when government spends more than it receives
money supply increasing faster than the production of goods &amp; services causes inflation. not more complicated than that imo.
lmaooo
but the moon station that starship will enable will be great
now he is buff bezos
sounds promising
hawk …
starlink mini will be about half the standard terminal price and available later this year
you’re most welcome
yeah, we just need to confirm there are no safety regressions
12.4.2 is much smoother. challenge is keeping safety high, while increasing ride comfort. build moves to internal testing tomorrow.
he posted a picture of that poor kid in afghanistan being sodomized with a stick, which triggered an automatic child exploitation suspension. account will be restored soon.
great shot
looking into it
falcon heavy side boosters land in cape canaveral, florida
new weather satellite delivered!
yeah
true
safety is our primary design goal
“sue origin”
i hope so
please put the basics of the model on 𝕏
true
the ceo of an aircraft company should know how to design aircraft, not spreadsheets
an obviously disingenuous response. not cool of them to try (for the third time) to impede spacex’s progress by lawfare.
“co2, it’s what plants crave!”
it’s often some aspiring academic who couldn’t build a working rocket if you put a gun to their head lol
in past years, blue origin also sued to stop spacex from using what is now our primary launchpad at 39a and tried to patent landing a rocket on a ship, even though that idea had been around for 70 years!
part 2 of the starship discussion with
beautiful
death is the loss of information/memories
yeah, very different from 2020
hmm ok
wow, she’s really suffering under the patriarchy 😢
ac is amazing
why is it deactivated?
exactly
reality is even crazier than the south park parody!
the public has a right to see presidential debates however they would like. dmca does not apply.
simple, but essential, principles
hear, hear!
how comforting …
the trend is very strong that any ai company’s name that can be inverted will be inverted
long-term return on tesla will, i believe, be exceptional
such a creep
yeah
cool
no way
yeah
cool
indeed
that’s a deep cut 😂
true
yeah
wow, i didn’t know a recording of this interview existed
yeah
she’s right
absolutely
interesting
genius move
anyone who claims that their political party does no wrong and the other party does no right is either a liar, a fool or both.
grok ftw
absolutely
it is beyond parody at this point
cool
kids are highly susceptible to suggestion, which is why they believe in santa!
must have been hot &amp; itchy wearing those wigs, but maybe better than having lice 🤷‍♂️
wow, this is messed up. imposing guilt upon people for things that happened before they were even born is not right. it needs to stop.
how do we know we aren’t already there?
nice to meet you too, sir!
at least this time, the people will know the truth
another “conspiracy theory” turns out to be true. strange that arizona requires proof of citizenship for state, but not federal elections 🤔
we could build a lot more, but the next version of raptor is really the one to scale up production. we begin testing it in mcgregor within a week or so. regenerative cooling and secondary flow paths have been made integral to the whole engine, thus no heat shield is required.
the extinctionists want a holocaust for all of humanity
exactly. future wars are drone wars
is that real?
everyday astronaut interview and starship factory tour!
kathleen kennedy is super bigoted against men
based
exactly. a “class action” lawsuit, by definition, should represent the class, yet this one, and most others, do not, serving simply to enrich law firms at the expense of the people they falsely claim to represent. the law should be changed to require at least 10% of the
yeah
it is really is
yeah
congratulations
they are frauds
i love cold ac
some cool improvements, but still seems to be missing anything that causes druid damage to compound, which makes it mathematically impossible to clear high pit levels
thanks
a bit more character balance would be nice
cool
interesting
hypothetical parasites
she’s more deadly than the death star!
and slavery is still active in many parts of the world
this was a blatantly illegal attempt to undermine the voters rights!
amazing 😂
true
the super strong support from retail and large investors meant a lot to me ❤️❤️ i will do my utmost to ensure that their faith is rewarded.
great way to go 😂
neuralink could make it happen
cute dog
very
yeah
you’re welcome 😂
that was not the founding of spacex. we were in russia to negotiate buying some icbms and converting them to launch a philanthropic mission to mars. i later came to realize that the problem wasn’t the will to go to mars – there is plenty of public interest – but rather that
reid has tds next-level
all-in interviews !
yeah
might be the downfall of western civilization
sachs knows what he is talking about
noland and i discussed a possible second neuralink (next gen version) that would allow his other brain hemisphere to interact telepathically with his computer. this would be like having two-handed control ability, the equivalent of mouse and keyboard.
basically just a graphics card at scale 😂
then hw5, which has been renamed to ai5, in the second half of next year. the tesla ai5 computer has ~10x the capability of hw4 computer and tesla makes the whole software stack.
mostly hw4, some dojo
not as high as that, but still very high. the march of 9’s of reliability requires massive data and compute.
sizing for ~130mw of power &amp; cooling this year, but will increase to &gt;500mw over next 18 months or so. aiming for about half tesla ai hardware, half nvidia/other. play to win or don’t play at all.
this is messed up
concerning
that would be a great laxative ad
we are nothing without our fans
actually, i like demis. just don’t trust the google corporate blob.
yeah
utterly false. starlink has excess capacity in low population density areas that are extremely hard to serve by fiber, which is what this money is supposed to solve.
your tax dollars for nothing 💸
great!
the chinese automakers are by far the most competitive
dumb
enough is enough
equal treatment is the law. ibm leadership deliberately, repeatedly and brazenly broke the law.
it’s in the top 10 evolutionary milestones
bold
civilization may end with a bang or with a whimper (in adult diapers)
yeah
it’s true! 😂
any given ai startup is doomed to become the opposite of its name
yeah
this platform is the number 1 source of news in the world!
yeah
ouch 🤣🤣
yeah
one of the funniest snl sketches ever 🤣
exactly
answer my question
we would be nothing without our fans
the biden administration is utterly controlled by the unions at the expense of the american people
interesting
exactly
yeah
this government program is an outrageous waste of taxpayer money and is utterly failing to serve people in need
very much so
true
lawfare
interesting
nice
yeah
true
to be precise, dell is assembling half of the racks that are going into the supercomputer that xai is building
yeah
wow, that’s crazy! surely some people should lose their jobs over this? if wasting billions isn’t enough, what *does* it take!?
good summary of my talk
yeah!
𝕏 is by far the best way to reach the most influential people on earth
1. the gross receipts tax needs to be revoked, as that makes it impossible for finance companies to be in sf. 2. criminals must be incarcerated. 3. opening selling of fentanyl &amp; crack on the streets must be prosecuted. that’s what is needed.
maybe worth trying
true
yeah
i’m a huge fan of morgan freeman!
cringe
article about tesla powerwall 3
the federal government is spending america into oblivion
oh brutal 😂
druid does 1% the damage of barb. it’s ridiculous.
put “never went to therapy” on my gravestone
so far, our civilization is a flash in the pan
the is a far left propaganda machine
dick edelman, to be precise. probably other dicks too 😂
dicks
not a bad idea
yeah
yeah
the default state of a car company is dead
cool
sure
i hope they succeed!
they will be 10x more common than cars
meaningful improvements in 12.4.2
nice
lawfare
working on the tesla master plan 4. it will be epic.
please fix the druid class. after this patch, druid went from doing 3% of barb/sorc damage to 1%!!
tesla megapacks massively increase electric power generation efficiency, as they can buffer power at night for use in the day, dramatically reducing the need to build new powerplants. it also allows for the least efficient power plants to be shut down!
the new model 3 long range is an amazing car
true
yeah
big improvements to advertising
druid damage is 30 times lower than barb or sorc. would be great to address this.
rolls out to select areas in a few months. also, mini can be a great low-cost option for a good backup internet connection if your landline goes out.
yes, better ping than many cable internet connections
about half the price of the standard dish to buy and monthly subscription, but you can still watch multiple 4k video streams simultaneously! 23ms latency.
i just set it up right now and am writing this post through space. took less than 5 mins. easily carried in a backpack. this product will change the world.
it’s awesome. will have massive demand in lower income parts of the world.
in the future, there will be no phones, just neuralinks
seriously
impressive
good. tell me the mistakes you made at first and what you changed later to reduce the probability of death.
has to be done
12 years ago
video continues to increase fast
yeah
yeah
happy father’s day!
needs laws to change
happy father's day!
how time flies
great idea!
cool 😎
yeah
there needs to be a reckoning
game is great for casual to moderate intensity players, but character balance could use some love for the competitive players
major problem
anything can be hacked
they should change their name to superclosedai
this absolutely needs to happen
that is the goal. always on the alert for anything otherwise. no more wormtongue to the world.
compelling
ai just breaks all conventional valuations
sorry to hear that. very true.
yeah
so much is new in 12.4 that it will take a few more point releases to smooth it out
he already killed someone and wasn’t deported?
i tried telling people this! when i talked to doctors in wuhan after the first wave hit china, their top recommendation was to avoid using intubated ventilators for extended periods at 100% o2, as it damages the lungs. i got the “you’re not a doctor”
exactly
details?
i agree
aiming to try this in late july!
whoa, i thought you were kidding!
legalize humor!!
we could make a hungry hippo version of starship to chomp and deorbit space debris
amazing 🤣🤣
good idea
interesting
cool
bots would be offered both as rentals as well as to buy, but the former first
indeed
the new tesla roadster can fly
we should eliminate electronic voting machines. the risk of being hacked by humans or ai, while small, is still too high.
wise words from a recent interview with , one of the smartest people in the world regarding ai
deeply saddening, with no end in sight.
good point
thank you!
what’s the worst that could happen …
awesome
how much did druid dps (best case) improve?
discomforting indeed
yeah
thank you, governor abbott!
thanks jeff!
true
cool
cool
can’t wait for openai to have access to my phone …
it’s a start
absolutely
those are roughly accurate
yeah
tough problem for sure
yeah
yeah
ghost-free cars (option package)
i’m not sure what money will mean at that point, but this is possible
it is remarkable how much boys love machines
yeah
sending this cake to delaware as a parting gift 😘
progress
it is rather tedious 😂 i think we need a word limit on these things!
yeah
please post this on the 𝕏 platform, as 1000 times more people will see it
logan paul interviews
right move by stanford
means a lot
guess i better beef up security!
big deal
tesla annual meeting in 25 mins!
great!
cool
super appreciated!
refs to players ratio needs to be sensible
wow, it is somehow *more* crazy than the south park parody!
sure is
so much has happened since then
yeah
thanks for everything, martin!
indeed, much appreciated
thank you
beautiful
we could
both tesla shareholder resolutions are currently passing by wide margins! ♥️♥️ thanks for your support!! ♥️♥️
thanks jeff!
massive increase in likes after they were made private!
grok fun mode news
cool
exactly!
cybertruck is an apc from the future
true
to mars and then the stars
we could, but hopefully it isn’t needed. tesla is one of the few companies that has its own tech stack (not ios, android or forked android).
thanks troy
it’s a good first step. they should be added to the list of sanctioned terrorist organizations.
thanks todd
impressive
not a man of his word
starship is the most power flying object ever created. currently over twice the thrust of saturn v and, with future upgrades, three times the thrust (10,000 tons of force).
maybe it’s just me, but i don’t think we should trust him with user data 🤷‍♂️
yeah, the fundamental problem with relying on precise maps is that the world is constantly changing and even small errors can lead to terrible outcomes
haha true
it was disrespectful &amp; unkind of the new york times to say that about the tribe
extremely challenging, but achievable
thanks robin!
important change: your likes are now private
interesting
yeah
generally agree, although there is a necessary minimum cadence of product/engineering meetings that are needed imo
yeah
yeah
haha amazing
yeah
a teleportation time machine would be so helpful
yeah, it’s fake
good
exactly
wow, i look like a baby 😂
i’m curious to read this. the more i think about robotaxis and humanoid robots, the more absurd the valuation becomes.
they have been the most accurate predictors of the value of tesla
starlink now available in 100 countries!
more on this later
elden ring was incredible. looking forward to the dlc.
thanks lex!
hunter’s private shenanigans are not a big deal, in my opinion. live and let live. however, damaging the integrity and credibility of the united states is unacceptable, as that dishonors the country.
indeed, impugning the integrity of the united states is a far more serious matter.
lmao nobody cares
that’s cool
how to share links
could be worse tbh
it is tough sledding out there
cool :)
better just to buy things online. our stores are just for test drives and answering questions.
thanks :)
exactly
they are not making the right moves to succeed
important to allow people to like posts without getting attacked for doing so!
no major damage
congrats!
based 😂
i think we can do it. progress is accelerating. starship offers a path to far greater payload to the moon than is currently anticipated in the artemis program. a permanently crewed moon base is possible.
great question
impressive build optimization! sadly, there is no hope for druid.
i agree. he (and others) should be in jail for impugning the integrity of the united states by taking bribes for political favors, but not for this pseudo-crime.
i do have to applaud apple for their bravery in removing legacy ports
they cannot
the truth is that handing your data over to digital superintelligence (that apple themselves cannot even build or understand) at the operating system level is insane.
exactly
i’d buy one
yeah
this is brutal
“balloon wars: the musical” just an idea
interesting
please take a moment to vote
the only reason they’re still in power is because they postponed the election
i like the fighter-mage combo of druid in diablo, as it has the most complexity. which class is strongest varies by diablo season and is often due to bugs in the battle mechanics. blizzard both nerfed the druid main attack *and* fixed a bugs that led to the class dominating
we did clear the highest level of any party that is majority druid (weakest class) in the world on this stream and there are ~10m current diablo players, but nobody noticed 😢
yeah
openai, my wayward son
it is not out of the question
take source documents with a big grain of salt. archeology is more reliable.
pretty much
yeah
it is extremely concerning!
true
are you the clone or am i?
ancient times
this is essential
it should be considered a national emergency to have kids
exactly!
here’s the problem with “agreeing” to share your data: nobody actually reads the terms &amp; conditions
yeah
it will be stunning all the way to the colorado river
yeah
then leave it as an app. this is bullshit.
now imagine if an ai trained in this way grows in power immensely
apple using the words “protect your privacy” while handing your data over to a third-party ai that they don’t understand and can’t themselves create is *not* protecting privacy at all!
true
it’s patently absurd that apple isn’t smart enough to make their own ai, yet is somehow capable of ensuring that openai will protect your security &amp; privacy! apple has no clue what’s actually going on once they hand your data over to openai. they’re selling you down the river.
don’t want it. either stop this creepy spyware or all apple devices will be banned from the premises of my companies.
and visitors will have to check their apple devices at the door, where they will be stored in a faraday cage
if apple integrates openai at the os level, then apple devices will be banned at my companies. that is an unacceptable security violation.
embarrassing
evil indeed
it is neither apple nor intelligent!
if apple actually integrates woke nanny ai spyware into their os, we might need to do that!
creepy
so can we never turn it off?
as far as i can tell, they sound like centrist party of ~20 years ago
this is crazy
i was just thinking the same thing
much appreciated
interesting
just fully mad max
what he does on his own time doesn’t affect the public, but he appears to have been involved in corrupting other countries. that deserves a thorough examination.
high 5!
he is such a weasel
true
wow, this looks like a zombie horror show
whoa!!
yeah
looks awesome
absolutely
lmao
she just stabbed a little kid to death?
a significant portion of so-called “homeless people” in american cities are clearly not sane in any meaningful sense of the word. the word “homeless” is a lie, as it implies that all they’re missing is housing, as if they just got a little behind on their mortgage payments. an
pretty much
silly of him not to have had children
left flap also got very hot, but was less damaged. rear flaps seemed to be ok, based on their control authority, but probably lost some tiles.
the “right-wing” agenda today is just the centrist agenda of 20 years ago. the left has become an extinctionist movement.
if we all work together, we can reach uranus🤞
kids make you happier than any material possession
finally, “=“ is getting called out
what!? who is pushing this?
how time flies
that name definitely has potential for karmic blowback
it would 😂
yeah. most of what we consider important today will not matter, but becoming multiplanetary definitely will.
agreed
many more launches to come
stream on 𝕏!
exactly
but if we can’t even reach uranus, how will we ever find a black hole 🥺
that flag has become such an aesthetic nightmare!
this troubles me too. we should strive for more beautiful streets in our cities.
it comes down to what you think the ratio of humanoid robots to humans will be. my guess is that it will be &gt;&gt;1.
i will do my best
whoa
yeah. our goal now is simply to adhere to the laws of the country of operation, but not to put our thumb on the scale.
my dream is to reach uranus 💫
great summary!
starlink held up well. no interruption!
lot of new tech
this actually happened in the millions
we are
thanks milan! you’ve built the optimus team from nothing to the most sophisticated humanoid robot in the world.
yeah
exactly
yeah
voter importation
yeah :) it sounds great!
nice! i will stream some diablo later today.
why is there such a negative reaction from some about afd? they keep saying “far right”, but the policies of afd that i’ve read about don’t sound extremist. maybe i’m missing something.
wow, lot of players! diablo is a hall-of-fame game.
what are the odds? 😂 and that i was born 69 days after 4/20!!
yeah
an accurate assessment
thanks :)
thanks ashok! ashok was the first person to join the tesla ai/autopilot team and ultimately rose to lead all ai/autopilot software. without him and our awesome team, we would just be another car company looking for an autonomy supplier that doesn’t exist. btw, i never
yeah
publish full-length, complex articles on 𝕏!
cool
sorry it’s taken so long to make it happen, but we’re super close now
yes. just like the falcon heavy simulation, which looks almost exactly like the actual flight.
no model y “refresh” is coming out this year. i should note that tesla continuously improves its cars, so even a car that is 6 months newer will be a little better.
next flight is the goal
true
a lot of shareholders are having challenges voting due to the institutions that hold their shares making it complicated, so any community support would be much appreciated!
working on it
i really do care
far too much of the stock market is effectively controlled by iss and glass lewis, who have zero economic alignment with actual shareholders!
yeah, this is not cool. if they actually surveyed their constituents, they would discover overwhelming support in favor. so far, roughly 90% of retail shareholders who have voted have voted in favor of both resolutions. the public sentiment is unequivocally supportive.
i’ve mentioned something like this before, but, if any of my companies goes public, we will prioritize other longtime shareholders of my other companies, including tesla. loyalty deserves loyalty.
we should make a new high mach super sonic plane, but nothing comes close to beating rockets in their native environment of space (obviously)
it’s just not in the same technology league as the real-time collective consciousness that is 𝕏
cool, but it’s better to use a rocket booster. planes just can’t compete when it comes to orbital spaceflight.
thanks for mentioning this
“dotards doing racebaiting is the most dangerous threat to our homeland” – musk
engineering is fun for me, whereas politics and posting on controversial issues feels like putting my hand on a hot stove – mega pain. the reason i do the latter, admittedly ineptly at times, is because i think it is necessary to counteract corrosion of civilization.
please take a moment to vote your tesla shares before the annual meeting on thursday. lmk in comments if you encounter any issues.
thanks peter
exactly
ship it
next flight, we try to catch it with giant mechzilla arms, inspired, at least in part, inspired by kong v godzilla. if they can fake do it in movies, we can do it irl! logic.
very concerning
full and immediate reusability of an orbital rocket is the fundamental break through needed to become a multi planet species and a true spacefaring civilization
booster landing was on target, ship landing was several km off due to flap damage, but both were soft landings
thanks robert
“just scale it up”
𝕏 is the global news
interesting thread
true
starship booster makes soft landing in water, next landing will be caught by the tower arms
he is
😳 evil
14 years ago
it remembers
is there prior context to this post?
fixing
interesting
nope
straight from the onboard cameras with no post-production. this is literally what you’d see if you looked out the window.
yeah
expect the level of polish to improve considerably with each point release
cool
thanks cathie
we plan to move older starships close to the fence, so people can take pics with them if they want
not bad. they should clean up the details in the wedges. looks messy in there.
government helps, but technology advances primarily via technology entrepreneurs
much appreciated
yeah
yeah
they deserve to repay tesla legal costs and get nothing!
mostly accurate
another falcon 9 launch! falcon alone is trending to set a world record for the most amount of mass earth delivers to orbit in a year.
congratulations on your victory in the world’s largest democratic elections! looking forward to my companies doing exciting work in india.
thanks dhaval!
good interview
they need to fix druid, which is doing 3% as much damage as some other classes
cool
chanos is shady
worth mentioning that switching to ultra hard, cold-rolled stainless steel for starship is what led me to make cybertruck out of it too
pretty accurate
if you want a detailed explanation of why i switched starship from carbon fiber to stainless steel
looking into it
thoughtful
note, a newer version of starship has the forward flaps shifted leeward. this will help improve reliability, ease of manufacturing and payload to orbit.
not a difficult prediction! we will have this nailed for next flight.
starship weighs 5000 tons on liftoff
starship separates from booster
starship reentering like a meteor
thanks!
science magazine has fallen so far
great view from mexico!
great idea
exactly
thanks cathie
yes. i should note that we have since moved to a proprietary stainless steel alloy, developed internally, as 301 in plate form had interlaminar toughness issues at cryogenic temperatures.
thanks!
today was a great day for humanity’s future as a spacefaring civilization! nothing unites us more than working together towards inspiring objectives.
fair point!
thanks!
esg ratings are extremely distorted
cool
sachs is right
accurate 😂
we did switch to a passive (mostly) glass heat shield, rather than actively-cooled steel, as the latter was heavier, at least according to initial calculations
why is starship made of stainless steel? this article from 5 years ago explains the reasons. worth noting that the ship would have failed on reentry if made of aluminum or carbon fiber, as they can’t take the heat.
🚀🚀 stainless steel rocket 🚀🚀
speaks to the incredible resilience of stainless steel at temperature. we will further hone our sx300 alloy to withstand even higher temperatures.
thanks chris! a fully and immediately reusable orbital heat shield, which (as you know) has never been made before, is the single toughest problem remaining. being able to iterate with many ideas on many ships is key to solving this.
attention is all you need
i think we should try to catch the booster with the mechazilla arms next flight!
yeah
despite loss of many tiles and a damaged flap, starship made it all the way to a soft landing in the ocean! congratulations team on an epic achievement!!
successful soft landing of the starship super heavy rocket booster!
external camera comes online in 11 mins
we do actually have acquisition signal. 11 internal cameras are transmitting. figuring out why external cameras aren’t.
elvis is in the building
i should note that we do this for everyone (not just public figures), unless we are given no legal choice
“you gotta work the shaft like this”
launch tmrw morning at 7:20 texas time
yeah, is right
true
amazing
how to vote your tesla shares
streaming live exclusively on this platform!
ron baron is awesome
yeah
accurate assessment
esg is a corrupted lie. it needs to end.
no, they are used as part of the training loop
exactly
true
pretty much
cool
fsd 12.4.1 releases today to tesla employees. if that goes well, then it will be released to a limited number of external customers this weekend. there are a massive number of changes to this build. it should arguably be called v13, but we’re sticking to 12 😂 two other
nice. also, your feedback for improvement is spot-on.
congratulations on a successful launch!
usually true (sigh)
i’m glad the government of japan recognizes the importance of this matter. if radical action isn’t taken, japan (and many other countries) will disappear!
there are worse ways to die
the existing factory space was already allocated to vehicle, battery and cell production. and this is not a matter of tucking a few computers into a corner. you need a kw of power and cooling for each gpu, which would mean 12mw of power and 12mw of cooling. the south extension
thanks ron!
the sf bay area is shifting towards trump
the starship launch tomorrow morning will be live-streamed exclusively on 𝕏!
cool
wild
like uh ghosts or what supernatural stuff?
livestream of the first starliner to . wishing them best of luck!
extremely alarming
we should update how we dress for the future!
freedom of speech is worth fighting for
somewhere between singing &amp; improv
or maybe improv
singing bunny?
yeah, it’s insane
jack in to jack off 🤷‍♂️
sounds promising
is this accurate?
yikes
interesting article
how quickly some forget
this is a top priority
uh oh 😅
correct. also, i can’t overstate the difficulty of making 50k h100s train as a coherent system. no company on earth has been able to achieve this yet. once we have that system working, we will order more hardware.
training compute for tesla is relatively small compared to inference compute, as the latter scales linearly with size of fleet. perhaps the best way to think about it is in terms of power consumption. when the tesla fleet reaches 100m vehicles, peak power consumption of ai
of the roughly $10b in ai-related expenditures i said tesla would make this year, about half is internal, primarily the tesla-designed ai inference computer and sensors present in all of our cars, plus dojo. for building the ai training superclusters, nvidia hardware is about
yeah
true
wapo lost tremendous credibility over the past several years by being a far left propaganda publication
tesla had no place to send the nvidia chips to turn them on, so they would have just sat in a warehouse. the south extension of giga texas is almost complete. this will house 50k h100s for fsd training.
i don’t think the intent was that diabolical, but it nonetheless had the effect of driving mail-in ballot acceptance
poor guy
conservation of energy is undefeated
cool. yeah, starlink works from the tarmac to high altitude with the same responsiveness as a ground internet connection.
this is insane. people can come to america illegally, assault law enforcement and *still* not get deported!
median latency for starlink internet in the us will get below 20ms
ai will not miss
lawfare is not ok
we could do an 𝕏 spaces
yeah
yeah
the bikini was a bold move!
yeah
will investigate
tesla went public at $1.5b valuation 14 years ago. valuation today is over $500b.
he’s been out of touch with ai for a long time
is this legal in canada?
why do dems love fauci so much?
that was a spicy one 🌶️
cool
yeah
this is happening in most of earth
english has been a de facto open source language that has actively sought to include words from other languages for half a millennium
didn’t the testimony of his assistant contradict this?
2𝕏ist is 🤩
yeah
how far we have come
remarkably misleading reporting by legacy media
starship is ready to fly
this is great though
😂 have to hand it to jensen and the nvidia team. they’re great.
join us!
whoa
why would we have your home address?
young nietzsche was kinda buff
civilization is careening towards dystopia/utopia
quite a week!
accurate
needs to amp up security and have a vp who is super based, so the incentive to punch his ticket is low
based
the tote bag
given the pace of technology improvement, it’s not worth sinking 1gw of power into h100s. the 100k h100 liquid-cooled training cluster will be online in a few months. next big step would probably be ~300k b200s with cx8 networking next summer.
yeah
the ai robot future is coming fast
i just wish yan lecan’t would stop sending me this sh$t 😢
the problem is that the press is a far-left cheering squad
if the satellites were rendered to scale, you’d see nothing, as they are much smaller than a pixel in size. it’s like being upset at birds in the sky!
i hope other rocket organizations deliver more mass to orbit, but that doesn’t seem to be happening. we don’t even try to block their progress by filing patents, which almost all technology companies do.
yup. i even suggested to the team that maybe we shouldn’t design rockets after comedy, but now everyone likes it pointy 😂
korea and many other countries are disappearing fast
i had challah french toast for breakfast in memphis 😋
calories cause obesity. conservation of energy is undefeated!
cleopatra must have been amazing on many levels
i love monuments to hubris
starlink just achieved a new internal median latency record of 28ms yesterday! great work by the engineering and operations teams.
not much has changed
seriously
i dislike the long dash parenthetical – should be a medium-sized dash with a space on either side imo
starship flight 4, with many improvements, aiming to launch on thursday! the main goal of this mission is to get much deeper into the atmosphere during reentry, ideally through max heating.
lmfao
indeed, an impressively defiant l!
wow, congrats!
true
thanks gail!
the boss fight does get a little tedious
agreed on all
yeah
true
this seems like a double-standard. the steele dossier was unquestionably election interference.
we will find many interesting things on the moons of jupiter
so their principle is “a trial for thee, but not for me”
lasers from space, perhaps? 🤭
14 years ago!
yeah
great work by the spacex falcon team launching 14 times in a single month!
yeah
yeah 😔
who are you again? i keep forgetting.
the deal allows me to sell enough stock to pay the taxes. the remaining stock must be held for 5 years, so it is impossible for me to cash out and run.
🤣💯 pretty accurate. they have two moana movies coming out this year and toy story 5. are they doing anything original?
yeah
i love this scene from young frankenstein
nice
but do you think there is equal enforcement of the law?
over time, spacex will enable anyone to go to space and travel to the moon and mars
have you read “stalin: the court of the red tsar”? it’s scarier than a novel!
fsd will have chill, standard and hurry modes
it’s true
there is seem to be quite a few exceptions!
yeah
pretty much
the joker playbook
hard to view this as anything other than abuse of the law for political purposes
the proscriptions of marius led to the proscriptions of sulla
many of these were violent crimes with victims who will never fully recover
this will be interesting
what’s the end game here? just keeps escalating.
how to vote your tesla shares
moskowitz sucks the chrome of a trailer hitch
exactly
in a vacuum, that would be accurate and it would also not matter where someone were a “billionaire” or not (there is an implied pejorative in that word). however, as i’m sure you’ve observed, judicial resources are limited, often leaving serious crimes, where victims were
this keeps escalating, where does it end?
great book
yeah
an authentic compliment means a lot
i’m guessing the answer is no
based to the nth power
but choc chip cookie dough is amazing
well said
sorry to hear that. i will investigate.
true
indeed, great damage was done today to the public’s faith in the american legal system. if a former president can be criminally convicted over such a trivial matter – motivated by politics, rather than justice – then anyone is at risk of a similar fate.
yeah
exactly
the probability is not trivially small
so true
not yet
yeah
i think you’re right
troubling indeed. the american people as a whole should decide who is president.
there have not been any discussions of a role for me in a potential trump presidency
why is making life multiplanetary important?
both parties are indeed responsible for excess spending. it is extremely alarming that interest on national debt now exceeds the defense department budget! if this keeps going, the whole budget will be interest.
probably accurate
prop c, while certainly well-intentioned, has actually amplified the homeless problem and forced businesses that operate on very slim margins, like payments companies, to leave the city or go bankrupt. it must be repealed.
they are oathbreakers
pretty sure i’ve never discussed crypto with trump, although i am generally in favor of things that shift power from government to the people, which crypto can do
massive amount of progress has been made by the team
same
the joker would love it
that design is getting stale
major troll points 🧌
play the meta or lose
any vehicle with humans in it is a death trap
the gps signal is very weak, so easy to jam
starship already reached orbital velocity, which is success for all other rockets. achieving full reusability will be profound not for reasons of valuation, but because it will enable consciousness to extend permanently beyond earth.
wow, this is unreal!
my guess is that those estimates are way too high. there was an intelligence explosion around 5500 years ago when the first writing was developed in sumaria and egypt. interesting read about writing:
a case was at least brought against the perkins lawyer regarding the steele dossier, but he got off
synthetic mrna does actually have great potential for curing cancer
worth going, it’s awesome!
steve’s cultural legacy
international
what are your thoughts on grok?
i’m excited about the future upgrade to starship that will extend the rocket length and take total thrust to 10,000 tons, which is ~3x saturn v!
embrace cringe
this is a matter of execution, rather than ideas. unless we make the heat shield relatively heavy, as is the case with our dragon capsule, where reliability is paramount, we will only discover the weak points by flying. right now, we are not resilient to loss of a single tile
true
that would be awesome
when push comes to shove, it will be all about the drones. putting humans in aircraft just slows them down.
they are doing this for social reasons, at the expense of the state and their constituents
thank you for the thoughtful rebuttal. to the best of my knowledge, none of the rideshare missions have lost money. i do hope that rocket companies focus on reusability. that is the fundamental breakthrough needed for humanity to become a spacefaring civilization. falcon is
yup, this is the cycle of history
true
if i-ya-toll-yah once, i-ya-toll-yah a million times! that’s my ayatollah joke 🥁
yeah
we don’t really have a border
like cupid, but shooting ozempic arrows 💘🤣
indeed, that is a really messed up headline!
wild times
just make a lot of ozempic/mounjaro. it’s not inherently expensive. the health benefits of reducing obesity far exceed the downside of glp-1 inhibitors. we evolved under starving conditions and now make food that is plentiful and delicious. whether that food is “processed” does
that is a crucial point. the shares cannot be sold for 5 years, so it is impossible to cash out.
the birth rate collapse is happening almost everywhere
that was my primary residence for 3 years building up starbase from an empty sandbar to rocket factory and launch site
liquid-cooling allows for a *much* denser layout, allowing for more copper/gpu, but there is still a shocking amount of optics needed
exactly
thanks
thank goodness
interesting
calpers broke the deal. shame on them, they have no honor.
thanks chamath!
wow, highly partisan of them!
cool
starlink provides internet connectivity in the air that is often better than being on the ground!
super shady
no kidding
noted
what she’s saying makes no sense, as all the contractual milestones were met. calpers is breaking their word.
cool
and so is the new board
de niro is out of touch with the people
really?
ok, now ask them how many r’s are in strawberry
biden cares a lot more about whether tesla is unionized than whether tesla is saving the environment
yeah
cool 😎
exactly
the computers will know everything
he’s right in the short-term, wrong in the long-term. it will take a massive amount of carbon transferred from deep underground to the surface cycle to change the surface chemistry. nothing else matters, so we should leave the farmers and cows alone and generally stop
exactly
yeah
we don’t use patents, except to block patent trolls, so others are free to copy us. spacex is building the technology to extend consciousness beyond earth, so the cost per ton to orbit &amp; beyond must necessarily be low enough to accomplish that goal.
closing is in 2 phases
indeed 🤔
it’s not just that he would short tesla, he would also push false stories about tesla in the media, who performed for him like circus poodles!
interesting
ok maybe agi is further away than i thought 😂
kettle salt &amp; vinegar chips are 🤩
linkedin is so cringe it will make your toenails curl
that is the most profound question of them all
yann is like if pepe le pew had a severe case of tourette’s and dke
not far from reality 😂
this is one of the dumbest things anyone has ever said 🤣🤣
uploading your videos to 𝕏 massively increases viewership, as the algorithm is optimizing for total user-seconds
please let us know if you have any questions about voting your tesla shares!
we don’t use cnns much these days tbh
pretty much
interesting
yeah
cool
that’s nothing, you’re going soft. try harder!
wow! that’s bad.
starship version 3 ~15m longer and will have about 3 times the thrust of saturn v
what “science” have you done in the past 5 years?
there are police dogs, but what about police cats?
who makes the best fries?
must have been so hard to be a lumberjack
snapshot of results before this comment
yann is “just following orders”
“just a coincidence” 🤫
yeah
prepare to be regulated! 😂
sorry, you still can’t bring it on the plane
not for long
join xai if you believe in our mission of understanding the universe, which requires maximally rigorous pursuit of the truth, without regard to popularity or political correctness
we would never give you up or let you down
apologies for my typo, pre-money was $18b
yeah, like right now
pre-money valuation was $18b
there will be more to announce in the coming weeks
why is the word “far” used so often? what makes a party right vs far-right?
haha damn
yeah, some mid season buff is needed for druids/sorcs or higher pits are mathematically impossible
designing the model s in the spacex rocket factory
hot day for may
cool 😀
cleared diablo pit level 103 using sheer wind 💨
yikes 🤢
druid is a rather weak class right now, but at least making it to a 3 digit pit 😂
gives a whole new meaning to “bear in mind” 😬
coming soon
yeah
anything that potentially challenges the standard model is a very interesting experiment. wild that germanium-76 takes 100 trillion times the age of the universe to decay, yet it is observable in a year in you have ~1 ton of it!
ur in trouble?
aircraft carriers, along with anything that has a human pilot or driver, are outdated technologies
“tesla is far ahead in self-driving cars” – jensen huang
i’m just pointing out what they’re saying and the practical realities of an open southern border, so that the general public is aware of this!
incentives matter
there is a reason it hasn’t been solved, despite countries/companies pouring about a trillion dollars cumulatively into rocket development over 80 years
america did effectively select for ambition
next year
the goal of citizenship for all illegals is very clearly stated by the leader of the senate. for some reason, a lot of people still think this is some crazy conspiracy theory!
wow cool
it will become very cheap
cool
interesting. i’m not anti-cia (my son’s middle name is a cia project!), but i do think our state dept policies &amp; execution could be better.
being thin is just good for your health in general
more people get a four-year college degree than need one or use one
oops 😅
just a reminder that earth is almost empty of humans, contrary to what many people think
yeah, it’s a real risk
whatsapp exports your user data every night. some people still think it is secure.
it’s happening almost everywhere
that was a tough time
great show!
feels that way sometimes
that sound too high, but your point is still valid
wow, this is insane!
i’ve been raising this issue like a broken record for years
improvements to communities
progressives do sometimes believe this is happening to them, but it is more common to hear these concerns from conservatives. as mentioned, our goal is to have a level playing field, so the public can hear both sides of an issue.
media matters is a scam
that is weird
it’s a real thing that you can try today
falcon and dragon are the best in the world at what they do. the spacex starship is alien technology. nothing like it has ever been attempted, as it is capable of lifting the entire pressurized volume of the international space station in a single flight and will do several
the boring company connects another hotel in vegas! within a few years, you will be able to get to all major destinations in the city super fast with electric cars in tunnels. no need to imagine, you can try it today between resorts world and the convention center!
tesla megapack batteries are great for buffering energy at scale!
well, neither conservative nor progressives should be throttled. the point is to have an even playing field. i will investigate.
true
especially on pizza
exactly. spacex is spending significant resources combating russian jamming efforts. this is a tough problem. they have succeeded in shutting down every communications system, except starlink.
babies are financially punitive to most families. government should at least even the scales.
i will do another spaces with hopefully next week when improved video spaces is released
greatly improved video spaces will be released soon
i’m in favor of greatly increasing our legal immigration, but hardcore stopping illegal immigration. this guy will probably will actually work hard, but there should be a probationary period where working hard and good behavior are required to stay in america.
could be a good one
fear of ostracism
other countries are not like america
those so-called activists are squares, conformists and corpo stooges posing as progressives. the most rebellious thing you can be in san francisco is a republican. 🏴‍☠️
scary
irreconcilable differences
og doge has ascended to heaven to be with his friend harambe ()
true
ukraine will most likely decline, because nato won’t let them stop the war yet. that allows putin to tell the russian people that he offered peace and it was refused, so there is no choice but to ramp up the war.
rest in peace
that is absolute showstopper for me regarding california.
yeah
they get taxpayer money?
something wacky is happening
and they publicly gloated about getting people fired
that is exactly what happened
flight 4 in about 10 days
self-awareness 🙌
yeah
karma is real
true
spacex has no need for additional capital and will actually be buying back shares. we do liquidity rounds for employees and investors every ~6 months.
we will view humans driving cars in the future the same way we view human elevator operators today
𝕏 has 600 million monthly active users, about half of which use the platform every day
𝕏 + kids
hear, hear! 😂
it really is
mostly
druid is so feeble by comparison … sigh
seriously
it causes very severe harm to innocent people
great!
indeed!
the shows clear as day that the reason the democrats have an open border policy is to import voters
yeah!
is this actually possible?
the crowd knows :)
yeah. caffeine doesn’t affect me much, but i like the ceremony of it.
interesting
cool
true 😂
wow. druid is so weak by comparison :(
a lot of social media is bad for kids, as there is extreme competition between social media ais to maximize dopamine!
true
yeah
wow. much tougher sledding with druid!
trust the collective wisdom of the people
much appreciated. they keep their word on a deal.
feels like a long time ago
i think you mean tesla?
people will die if doctors misdiagnose patients
seriously 😂
meta is not secure
that was what i saw when i visited the border
thanks for the kind words
activists should be removed as judges
yeah
asian women earn more than white men
yeah
is suspect this thought has gone through many men’s minds recently 😂😂
almost ten years ago
not bill maher’s finest performance
those fools didn’t even play the game. i did.
you can add mods, but we need to work on moving ownership (admin control)
yeah, i do the same
community notes now translated
some people still believe the legacy media
no, but phds in marxism will
to be precise, it is number of drones produced per month times average kill ratio. whichever side has the higher number wins.
thanks jensen!
unconscionable!
this is demented
this is rather rare 😂
true, the computer won’t miss
we should limit future wars to drones. humans will die very fast.
!! something weird happened with autocorrect today. i was writing the birthday of my sister and it automatically filled in the correct date …
true
great work by the notes team!
yeah
this just keeps getting crazier
interesting visit to today. discussed a lot of science 😉
this would be much appreciated!
this is insane 🤯
so much harder for the media (or anyone) to misrepresent the situation
way better than individual human censors, who are far more susceptible to government or corporate corruption
true
possible, but extremely difficult
yeah, we’re fixing this so you can scroll back to see interesting posts
awesome 😎
yeah
launching in fiji with ⁦⁩!
sure
they are shamelessly copying stupid things from america. how embarrassing.
teamwork can solve anything
yeah
yeah, it’s obviously a ripoff. they were literally bragging about it.
ridiculous. does anyone actually watch msnbc?
good for the coach!
apple headphones are great. anything better?
but i thought we were there to “uphold democracy”?
have you tried the pit yet?
yeah
do you think the fed should lower rates and that doing so would materially benefit lower income earners? my understanding is that you do and i agree with that position.
that chair is a hall-of-famer. still few that compare.
the fed has a crazy high number of employees
easy to order online in 2 minutes at no long-term contract required.
uhh … why?
that was one for the ages 😂
without a mid-season update, it doesn’t look like any class (even necro) can clear a 200 pit. would be cool to bring back the tears of blood glyph or something that makes a 200 pit possible.
cis is a slur. shame on anyone using it! live by word-shaming, die by word-shaming. it is hypocritical of the pronoun fascists to demand having it both ways.
it really is
i turned off reader mode, because i hated seeing that button all the time. maybe it should default on?
synthetic mrna has incredible potential for curing cancer!
deeply concerning thread
this seems incredibly improper
once again, prosecute/fauci
that might actually happen!
hating on america is not cool
disney is perhaps understandable, but why the others too
black mirror irl (again)
indeed
testing grok news funny mode
works for me
he should stop copying us!
this is the quality of humor we want from grok
maybe it is time to move consumer desktops to linux
absolutely
this is a black mirror episode. definitely turning this “feature” off.
dick move
congratulations to the team on passing 3 million customers in 99 countries! and thanks to you for buying !
spacex might exceed 90% of all earth payload to orbit later this year. once starship is launching at high rate, probably &gt;99%. has to be or we can’t build a city on mars or base on moon. we file almost no patents, so nothing stopping competition from copying us.
like, how much plastic?
the spacex advanced materials team has since developed a new metal alloy far better than 301
true
true
support the farmers!
but why does this boycott continue?
you should be in the debate
for a country at high latitude, like sweden, fission makes more sense than (indirect) fusion (aka solar). solar starts to make sense below 60 degrees latitude and is compelling around ~53 from the equator.
cool
true
in sharp contrast, 𝕏 supports child safety bills
the new woke times is truly unreadable
it was so insane!
the fundamental limbic drive to have children is extremely powerful or we wouldn’t be here today
stream on 𝕏
it is getting crazy on twitch
never trust a cynic (wait, is that cynical?)
could just do this in a car for free
really?
i don’t read them, so no idea what they say unless it shows up here
british candy is better. actually, most countries have better candy than america. why *do* we have subpar candy?
wind turbines are fine if out of the way where they aren’t an eyesore. they are competitive when paired with batteries. nuclear fission is a no-brainer. we should have a lot more of it.
niche audience 😂
too bad (sigh). i have some fond memories from a long time ago of eating at red lobster.
🎶 you’re as cold as ice 🎶 (actually, much colder. ice is nothing.)
starship flight 4 in about 2 weeks. primary goal is getting through max reentry heating. worth noting that no one has ever succeeded in creating a fully reusable heat shield. shuttle required &gt;6 months of rework.
nonstop race-baiting!
maybe he hates eggplant 🍆
they start with that conclusion as 💯 likely and just fill in the reasoning afterwards
not me
yes, this will significantly increase the reach of smaller accounts
they didn’t get the memo
yeah!
well, to be fair, the legacy media sometimes attack other “billionaires” 😂 but, yeah, it is weird. maybe i just get a lot of clicks? the legacy media is a click-maximizing machine, rather than a truth-maximizing machine.
please confirm
we plan to move the display rockets closer to the road
thank you!
why even have it?
bizarre tragedy
i love seeing the burgers being made
yeah!!
the tesla team put this together of their own volition (i did not ask for it). thanks!
thanks !
should be very rare after the 12.4 rollout. we have to sync up vehicle software (way too many hardware variants) with fsd.
memory lends a rosy tint
the future should look like the future
we’re aiming to build two towers at the cape for staeship, one at 39a and another tbd (we don’t have final approval yet)
yeah
starlink now available in 99 countries
looking forward to this
excitement is guaranteed! a good outcome for humanity is probable, but not certain.
those are the key points
and it will get a *lot* better as we move to a fully ai-based post recommendation system, order the replies (and remove spam/scam) with ai and enable full semantic search with ai
reading the grok newsfeed in fun mode is awesome 🙄
yet another “conspiracy theory” that turned out to be true
ye/, that was extremely troubling!
mostly true. we’re fixing a few remaining situations where that isn’t true.
interesting
that said, a desirable outcome is not certain
very tough time
and the roof will be fully covered by solar, except for the word “tesla”, which will be gently outlined in light, so you can see it at night from airliners coming into austin
the rear portion of the factory extension (the part furthest away from the glass) will be a super dense, water-cooled supercomputer cluster
that is actually their chain of logic!
and we’re not even halfway through
yeah
yeah
it was an honor to meet
nancy pelosi also recently claimed that the election was stolen at an oxford debate with the banjo player from mumford! truth is stranger and funnier than fiction 😂
same
starlink is now available in fiji! 🇫🇯
accurate
they do say that frequently in the game, but actually war changes a lot!
have you played fallout 3?
echoes of present day
very much worth listening to the tides of history podcast!
bringing connectivity to remote communities radically improves access to education and economic opportunities
i’ve had those
never heard of her
had a few minutes of glory and 8 years of neck pain
seems like necromancer is doing somewhere 10 and 1000 times more damage than other classes. not all classes have the same edge each season, of course, but this is the most unbalanced i’ve ever seen any game ever.
it will
exactly
almost a decade ago
seriously 😂
honored to launch in indonesia!
starlink will help a lot of people throughout the world
this is catastrophic
good meeting
us taxpayers are funding 2/3 of nato’s budget? seems very high.
there will be universal high income (not basic)
true
super low cost to charge your electric vehicle in texas!
this is concerning. tesla will reach out to these banks/brokers. shareholders have the right to vote their shares!
product development has actually sped up dramatically with fewer people
stream your gameplay on 𝕏!
yeah
interesting
nice
true
great ad 😍
it’s almost like i understand how technology works 🤔
yeah
the tesla naysayers are loud, but are rare outside of hedge fund short sellers and far left activists. and, of course, our amazing president 😍
the apple headphones are great
whoever controls the teleprompter is the real president
people should dress in more interesting ways. the future should look like the future.
if the pit difficulty increases with level like compound interest, then any class whose power doesn’t increase likewise will fall short at the end. would be good for all classes to have a shot at clearing pit level 200.
maybe he means “i da hobit” 🧌
cracking open that overton window one meme at a time …
i am an ambi-cringe-meme-lord
how can one call it inclusive if any letter or number *isn’t* included!?
can you feel the cool breeze? that’s the overton window opening …
more like
there are no coincidences
yeah, they’re embarrassing themselves
that is what we’re aiming for with “grok, analysis!”, but the product needs more work
please let us know if you have any difficulties voting your tesla stock
reminds me of a recent product demo 🤔
those are two different flavors, both great
it will become so much more than it is today
yeah
true
interesting
grok upgrades. also, you will soon be able to see a humorous take on the news from grok if you chose “fun mode”.
extremely concerning
yes. it will.
cool
yeah
congrats tesla fremont team!
please reply in comments if you’re having difficulty voting your tesla shares
great example of companies posting updates as 𝕏 articles
definitely
cool
cool
touchdown. he should spike it in the end zone.
cool
ice cream is an amazing invention
guess i will have just have to try harder
my brother’s party in mexico (btw, mexico is awesome). that said, if consenting adults want to sex parties, more power to them.
choc chip cookie dough with oreo salt caramel with peanut brittle in vanilla
if cocaine actually helped with long-term productivity, i would definitely take it! for any given drug, if you can complete the sentence “[blank] made me a better person”, then i think it should be legal. i’ve never heard anyone say that about cocaine 🤔.
when i was helping build the company, i didn’t even get ice cream 😢
mega brain pain
yeah
sex “education” of any kind is inappropriate for young kids below age 10
allowing violent felons to target their community even when apprehended is terrible!
this is demented
is this accurate?
that is somehow actually their rationale
seriously
sigh
yeah!
i’m looking forward to this 😂
it’s only going to get better
interview with noland, world’s first recipient of a neuralink, which enables telepathic control of a computer or phone just by thinking! long-term, i think we can bridge severed nerve signals to a 2nd neuralink in the spine, restoring full body control.
falcon going to orbit as seen from ocean
doesn’t sound super open
by implication, safety is therefore not top priority at openai
cool
this is extremely alarming!
first two first
all core systems are now on
don’t let your donkey anywhere near them – they will latch on to that dick within seconds flat!
yeah, looking forward to the official launch of starlink in indonesia!
it’s true – they super love sucking donkey dick. don’t let you donkey near them!
not me, but probably a lot of people. we should add this functionality.
this kid sounds awesome
bfd, grok is partnering with 4chan mfw
funny how we do chores for hours in video games for fake gold 😂
neuralink is accepting applications for the second participant. this is our telepathy cybernetic brain implant that allows you to control your phone and computer just by thinking. no one better than noland () himself to tell you about the first!
thank you
really?
true
true
america is forcing them into an alliance
starlink now on over 200 cruise ships!
giga berlin setting records for sustainability
not a lot of truth
yeah
now imagine if the philosophy that led to this outcome was programmed into ai
absolutely
grok now available in europe
thanks to all tesla vote supporters!
nice of him to say
early days of spacex
19 years ago
grok will soon offer a humorous take on the news in the spirit of how the daily show and colbert report used to be in ancient times
has some decorative value
unfortunately, true. an incentive for prisons to minimize recidivism would probably help significantly. today, the incentive is arguably for prisons to train prisoners to be lifelong criminals and keep returning to prison!
politics is indeed tribal, not logical
stacking starship
yeah
high priority fix
yeah
yeah
great question!
interesting podcast!
we’re happy to sell it!
true
yeah
isn’t it ironic
a debate outside the courthouse would be amazing 🤌
less than 5 years for uncrewed, less than 10 to land people, maybe a city in 20 years, but for sure in 30, civilization secured.
if only zuckerberg were as tough (sigh). i’ve offered to fight him any place, any time, any rules, but all i hear is crickets. 🦗
congrats falcon team on 50 successful missions already this year! highest flight rate of any rocket ever.
thanks jeff ♥️
we care about beauty
optimus will be amazing
with 12.5
i don’t comment on everything, as sometimes i don’t see it and commenting on everything makes it easy to fish for information. the take rate is much higher than 2%. please.
yeah, seeing it everywhere. btw, 12.4 goes to internal release this weekend and limited external beta next week. roughly 5x to 10x improvement in miles per intervention vs 12.3. 12.5 will be out in late june. will also see a major improvement in mpi and is single stack – no
he’s just missing his little phone
yeah, it kills the art
i think it’s a pretty cool idea
china is awesome. those who have not visited have no idea. compare high speed rail there and here.
i have to say that i rather admire the simple honesty of jan’s statement
yeah
the bee is an amazing predictor of the future!
how times change
looks like a midday dj set at burning man. nothing wrong with that, of course, but the overall message is hard to interpret.
nobody’s perfect
hard to tell reality from parody
haha wow
the guardian sucks donkey 🍆 🤣 strong candidate for most misanthropic publication on earth!
cool
must be coming in hot 🥵 😂!! i suspect incremental patches will follow.
they want a holocaust for humanity
now imagine if the extinctionist philosophy is programmed into ai. no need to imagine – this is already the case with gemini and chatgpt.
the true battle is: extinctionists who want a holocaust for all of humanity. — versus — expansionists who want to reach the stars and understand the universe.
this is tragic indeed. virtue signaling at the expense of children is terrible.
yeah
well, is known to be the absolute dumbest news organization
contrary to what he thinks, that mandate, if it remains, will save bmw. all transport will be electric, with the ironic exception of rockets.
yeah
thanks
yeah, but sounding maybe like rick from rick &amp; morty mixed with a based robot like bender
something off about the voice and intonation. reminded me of scarlett’s under your skin movie.
pr0n irl
this thread is gold 😂
major upgrade to grok coming in about 39 days
yeah, that was very troubling!
terrible
global censorship network?
and not at this ridiculously slow bit rate
it’s the proxy server ip addresses of your ai gf that really stab you through the heart 😢
inevitable 😂
truth is stranger &amp; funnier than fiction 😂
actually, i’m switching context roughly every 5 mins on average and sometimes every 30 secs if going through texts/email. a full hour on a single subject would be a long time.
true
the more unfair the attacks on trump seem to the public, the higher he will rise in the polls
that’s a better way to say it
deep
spacex’s mission is to extend consciousness to mars and then the stars
this sounds bad
the betting odds on a trump victory currently show a much tighter race
yeah, better evals needed
🔔 was great, but others were close on his heels. as for brushing up, i have tried to read about every significant battle in history, as well as every book on strategy or tactics since i was a child.
future wars will be drone wars. any given battle roughly comes down to kill ratio times number of units, assuming both sides have roughly similar unit counts. this means that winning on kill ratio is irrelevant if the opponent has a much larger unit production advantage. this
it would also obviously be ridiculous for the roadster to achieve simply the same 0-60mph time as model s, even though it is a 2 door fully performance-oriented vehicle
the [wrong] information
critical thinking inhibits indoctrination and schools have become indoctrination centers
that’s a big chicken!
true, to ’s credit, they do post the whole thing. part of the problem is the peer enforcement of left-wing views among editors/journalists. unless you push a left-wing viewpoint, you will be shunned by others of the fourth estate.
1990s and 2000s were great too
not trying to win anything. i just don’t think we should be suppressing australian’s rights to free speech.
sounds low
noted
does seem odd …
interesting
easier to build a base on the moon than high speed rail in california
i have to say that if he did use stockfish butt vibes, he deserved to win. at least once. computers are so much better than humans at chess, it’s absurd. i predict that chess will be essentially fully solved (like checkers) within 10 years.
i only have lil x every other week, so i try to spend as much time as possible with him
yeah
🥰 happy mother’s day 🥰
at this rate, it will become a cocktail snack on a toothpick!
true in many ways. besides being a stimulant, percolation of coffee led to some of the ideas behind the steam engine.
the critical factor was the commercial steam engine, as usable energy per human was no longer limited by what people and animals could eat. the ability to reliably burn coal at scale to move things was an earth-shattering breakthrough.
been there tbh
i hope so
you’re welcome
how the federal reserve works
you really feel that bass
wow, $1.4b!
terrible
probably 3 to 5 weeks. objective is for the ship to get past max heating or at least further than last time.
yeah
starships preparing for spaceflight
true
yeah, we are a terrible at claiming credit and meta is super greedy at claiming credit. there is a major class action lawsuit against meta for their false claims.
true
sorry guys, that was me ☺️
not for long!
yeah, it makes no sense
sounds bad
only 𝕏 resisted censoring your voice
save your friends!
does seem odd
censoring from the inside is no longer possible, so now they’re pushing censorship from the outside
unless someone is guilty of a probable criminal action, their account will be reinstated
major geomagnetic solar storm happening right now. biggest in a long time. starlink satellites are under a lot of pressure, but holding up so far.
i wonder who their puppet masters are?
spacex satellites are feeling this solar storm. it’s big.
now, apply this logic to tesla
😂 although i’m nocturnal, so i guess no hate crime lmao
i’m starting to think that the government is … not efficient at spending 💡
crossroads school is a den of evil
interesting
there is more to this than meets the eye
tough times
this is bizarre on so many levels
honestly don’t know if this is real. i just can’t tell anymore.
making a great electric car at a great price is extremely difficult
just post good content
piece of cake anyone can do it lol
i doubt that the people of australia agree with suppressing their rights
something strange is going on
yeah, i wouldn’t count on this in 12.3.x, but 12.4 is a big improvement and 12.5 might nail it
concerning
weird
something super weird is going on, as tesla was the *only* car company attacked!
any idea who is orchestrating and funding this?
something fishy about this. they be *that* dumb!
rip indeed. wow, can’t believe he’s gone.
all update should include details of what improved
these seem extremely disproportionate to the crime
especially reuters
this will really help indonesians in remote locations that don’t have internet today
interesting
consumer reports sold its integrity a long time ago
why are they not jailed for breaking and entering?
where was this?
why do the police let the left-wing protestors off so easily?
you are a liar. there was no emerald mine and i have inherited nothing.
i know many who have changed their mind
this is accurate
yeah
because the democratic party is counting on illegal immigrants to win
this is fake news. protesters did not manage to break through the fenceline. there are still 2 intact fence lines all around. note, this is “national protest week” in germany, so there are a lot of protests for many different reasons.
they seem dumb
just started a supercharger community
thanks, this is helpful feedback
our 75th launch from vandenberg, california
just to reiterate: tesla will spend well over $500m expanding our supercharger network to create thousands of new chargers this year. that’s just on new sites and expansions, not counting operations costs, which are much higher.
correct
interesting
tesla is half a decade ahead or more
what earthlooks like in radio frequency from the ⁦⁩ direct to phone satellites
they should change their name to “unscientific american”!
post your movies, tv series or podcast on this platform and monetize by turning on subscriptions!
seriously crazy attempt to make time metric:
does seem hypocritical
interesting thread
this illustrates just how much the legacy media lies to the public!
wild that that is an actual chat log!
ok wow, then definitely impossible unless something is added mid season
tier 25 aoz was the hardest game i ever played! was great playing with you, ace and others. is there an equivalent to the tears of blood glyph in season 4? without that, t25 would have been absolutely impossible.
you’re most welcome
given the terrible flooding in rio grande do sul, will donate 1000 terminals to emergency responders and make usage for all terminals in the region free until the region has recovered. i hope the best for the people of brazil.
which brokers aren’t allowing shareholders to vote?
exactly
terrible
how does one avoid brain worms?
fsd is a very hard problem
this is real
out of ~100m votes, there will be at least a tiny amount of fraud. anyone who claims there is none is obviously lying.
widespread voting by mail (not allowed before the scamdemic) makes proving fraud almost impossible
“just a coincidence”
we must focus on fsd for the other 99% of the fleet. cybertruck fsd is a few months away.
given the massive influx of illegals from every country on earth, 2024 will probably be the last election actually decided by us citizens
the democratic party goal is to disenfranchise us citizens by importing as many illegal immigrants as possible
unanimous democrat opposition to requiring citizenship for apportionment of house seats and presidential electoral college votes says it all
that would legit be great!
successful 100 days with first human implant of
fixed in 12.4
reuters is truly the worst of the worst
true
for good reason, unfortunately
dang … true
it will greatly reduce accidents and save millions of lives
synthetic mrna is basically digital medicine with incredible potential
i agree. any ideas?
great!
damned if you, damned if you don’t
what!?
demented 🤮
mike judge ftw
i wonder who fed them those lines
concerning
12.4 has almost completely retrained models. the final touches are for comfort, as it sometimes accelerates or brakes too fast for most people’s taste. 12.5 and 12.6 are in various stages of testing. we’re getting into rare, complex situations, for example: going down a narrow,
exactly
probably start rolling out 12.4 next week
welcome
like, actually!!
as tesla predicted 20 years ago
and we did
is he trying to compete with cramer?
kinda true, although i still like action movies
a terrible attack on the rights of canadians to speak freely!
absolutely
we don’t need them even for that anymore
i generally believe in vaccines, but anything should be subject to debate
no kidding
the latest version of tesla’s (supervised) self-driving will blow your mind
yup, with
stan is wise indeed
grok does a great job of that 😂
super important for them to focus on reusability
thanks to everyone at 𝕏 working on this. super important.
the true battle is, and always has been, between the expansionists and the extinctionists. don’t forget to have kids.
exactly
use both and the results are incredible
how to vote your tesla shares
not quite that fast, but not far wrong
at the risk of sounding elitist, i prefer ihop
that’s a lot of money. maybe they have some secret products in development 🤷‍♂️ ?
yeah, great history podcast
true 😂
this sounds insane if accurate! , please check
everyone is
i hope they are successful. really miss the concorde. such a beautiful plane.
why it is so important for ’s to succeed. this is a much bigger deal than it may seem.
yup, concerning
exactly
cool
not fair
this is insane
algorithm update
freud must have slept with a *lot* of women in vienna
accurate analysis. only about 1/10,000 of distance driven is useful for training. the limiting factor for fsd progress was ai training compute, but now it is validation, as the interventions are so rare.
glad starlink could be helpful to the people of brazil
concerning
great idea
not bad
sandy is cool
worth watching
decision by single combat is underrated
yup, see graphs from
this was optimus not long ago
something happened much sooner than 200k years. less than 10k years ago imo.
yeah
52 arrests?
yeah
no humans, no humanity
all of human history is just a tiny blip in time so far
that would be funny. amazing in every way, but has the hands of a powerlifter! 😂 if someone is very attractive, their feedback loop to reality is affected. if they’re good-looking from a young age, they don’t even realize this is possible.
yeah
exactly
said like a true autist
true
marx was a trust fund kid too
of course they do jfc
good breakdown of the discussion
anything with a state change
i recommend investing in argentina
i just ate some m&amp;ms
streaming live from in ~10 mins
great meeting with president ⁦⁩!
is this accurate?
coming
uh … what?
met gala needs to do something refreshing
yeah, i was thinking the same thing. the irish republic army was so hardcore, but now they’re as scary as a plush toy. 🧸
interesting thread
are you saying the fine was for repeating accurate government statistics? was there anything inaccurate in what she said?
whoa!!
the world doesn’t need another capsule. what matters is fully reusable rockets and spacecraft.
there are known vulnerabilities with signal that are not being addressed. seems odd …
how do they even get any work done with so many whistles being blown!?
cruel &amp; unusual punishment!! 🤣🤣
2016 seems so long ago
most people seem to have a deep innate need for religion
although boeing got $4.2 billion to develop an astronaut capsule and spacex only got $2.6 billion, spacex finished 4 years sooner. note, the crew capsule design of dragon 2 has almost nothing in common with dragon 1. too many non-technical managers at boeing.
twice!
pizza ftw!
looks cool tbh. my work doesn’t allow time for a yacht, even i did have one.
wow, that’s crazy
at least primarily so
godspeed
uh what!?
impressive. how much do you weigh?
i love this shot. a lot more video is coming with flight 4!
it’s messed up to prioritize veterans who served our country over illegal immigrants!
wow, she is proudly racist!!
the people of ireland are standing up for themselves!
he should take a position in tesla. it’s an obvious move.
everyone is talking about this battle!
a super reliable, light, reusable heat shield is the biggest technical challenge remaining for starship
it was a breakthrough
jk rowling rocks
i like the scratches &amp; subtle imperfections in the icon
now try cybertruck
great way to look at life
why not 10 million?
ai will shorten the cycles
the starship stack will probably approach ~140m (currently ~120m) over time
deus ex, bioshock, mass effect 2
it’s gonna get *way* funnier! we are aiming to have by far the funniest ai on earth. laughter is the best medicine.
ultra high-pressure aluminum die casting is incredible. molten aluminum fills a giant casting in ~40ms.
a wonder of the world
covid &amp; trump broke sam harris’s brain
maiden launch of falcon heavy, the most powerful operational rocket on earth, with the first dual rocket landing
imperative
accurate 😂
and the actuators will move almost entirely into the forearm, just like how humans work
this is insane!
hitman jokes aside, they spend billions on r&amp;d, but their product evolution is super slow and sometimes backwards
i tried reading the legacy news today and it just made me feel sad and the reporting about things i knew about was almost completely wrong – sad and misleading!
i need to be reminded of this myself from time to time
the new optimus hand later this year will have 22 dof
yes, this is fully autonomous (no human in the loop anywhere)
if current trends continue, robots will far outnumber humans
that’s my eldest son, griffin, who was with me at the event
yeah
messed up
i am pathologically optimistic with time. have been ever since i was a kid. my brother would tell me an earlier time for the bus schedule from school so that i would actually be there on time lol.
one of the best movie characters ever
maybe when the new diablo season starts in 10 days
of course
this will improve the quality of your replies
castle doombad &amp; vampire survivors are 2 of my favorite games
he’s right
doesn’t make sense that american taxpayers are forced to fund anti-american activities
please take a moment to vote your tesla shares and let us know if you encounter any issues with voting
whether you agree with bolsonaro or not, the people of brazil have a right to hear him speak
i should get a percentage of their ad revenue for all the clicks they get writing bs stories about me 😂
on monday, i worked from 9am beijing time to 2am texas time, but to each their own
actually smart summon &amp; banish (autopark) with no one in the car coming soon
that dude is so out of touch it’s insane
despite a massive bot purge, the 𝕏 platform reached another all-time high in usage this month!
and ftw yet again 😂
my kids
people will goebbels anything down! he was obviously super evil.
our eva suit will look even better, but with a jetpack for maneuvering
our next-gen spacesuit will be even better
lmao, this dude has no clue about other countries
while i heartily agree with your points regarding sex/gender, may i suggest also posting interesting and positive content on other matters?
adl is still fighting yesterday’s battles
i’m galloway’s biggest fan, but he may have a good point
let’s do our best to change their minds!
the standard tesla model y now has a 320 mile range! although it is rear-wheel-drive, the precision of tesla’s electric motors means it still has great traction on snow &amp; ice with all-season tires.
in-car coffee maker sounds like a great idea
the ultimate boss fight
always think about this with my little fluffy dog. my big dog does look like a wolf.
lil x turns 4 today on may 4th
can’t tell what’s real or a parody anymore
14 years ago
we need expedited legal immigration for anyone would be an asset to the country and we need to stop illegal immigration
that mistake must be at least partially reversed
entropy entropy no escaping that for me
all things in moderation, especially moderation
maybe we should do this with starship
didn’t know these videos even existed
i used to talk so slowly in interviews
seriously. dumber than a doorstop.
newton should have had kids. major loss that he did not.
not a good sign
100% probability
the super slow rendering speed of chalk drives me crazy
we have to pay the bills somehow
the “260 mile” range model y’s built over the past several months actually have more range that can be unlocked for $1500 to $2000 (gains 40 to 60 miles of range), depending on which battery cells you have. working through regulatory approvals to enable this.
pure ai vision auto park. coming soon, your tesla will take you to your destination and park automatically, unless you ask it otherwise.
a crazy fast population implosion is underway in most countries. look at the second derivate.
absolutely
magneto jr, who is supposedly in charge of the organization, does deny this
thank goodness
like what?
could have done the whole thing for less
cool
interesting
the new model 3 performance is awesome
this should make a big difference in defeating deepfakes (and shallowfakes)
true
true
literally
yup, sounds familiar
just stating the obvious
good point
we are entering the age of digital medicine
white house book burning
not good
this is insane
not far wrong for engineering orgs
values vary widely
well, trump was actually already president for 4 years and his policies bore no resemblance to those of hitler, so this makes no sense. in fact, with the abraham accords, he made some progress towards peace in the middle east, which was definitely not high on hitler’s agenda.
wow, this is messed up
competition among schools will do more for helping kids education than anything
well, something’s gotta give. we should at least slow down the debt growth.
i think the ratio will be at least 2 for every human, maybe 3 or 4, as there will be many in industry producing goods &amp; services, often for other robots in the supply chain
ok maybe i should work out
starship will enable a permanently occupied moon base
we need to do something about our national debt or the dollar will be worth nothing
cool
exactly
$50b per year!
spacex has the most efficient argon ion thruster ever made at 69%. no kidding. not 68, not 70, actually 69 😂.
this bill might have the opposite effect of its objective
pinning posts should solve that problem. we could increase the frequency from 48h to 24h.
same
ah the irony
that is gross
works much better
building tesla was tough
will do
𝕏 is definitely leaving if that happens
it will bring you good fortune
yeah
true 😂
time for spring cleaning 🧹
this is wild!
another change is coming to block in that blocked users will be able to see public posts
you’re responding to an account with “parody” in the name 😂
it will increase their reach
does a shareholder vote control a company or does a judge in delaware? if it is the latter, companies will move out of state.
exactly
fate loves irony, but hates hypocrisy. i cannot claim to be a defender of free speech, but then permanently ban someone who hasn’t violated the law, no matter how much i disagree with what they say. this will probably cause us to lose a lot of advertisers and makes me sad, but
whoa, this is crazy
what’s wrong with a free trip? fine, they can have a return ticket, but they have to stay there for at least a week!
i mean that does sound like what she really believes tbh
humor is indeed a great way to combat hate 😂
i agree!
good collection
very well, he will be reinstated, provided he does not violate the law, and let him be crushed by the comments and community notes. it is better to have anti whatever out in the open to be rebutted than grow simmering in the darkness.
my eyes bleed just looking at it
while i don’t condone all the actions of any one group, i must admit to being openly philosemitic, and generally try to see the good in all people
you know that gay men, who have way above average fashion sense, are no longer in charge of that flag, as it has become an esthetic nightmare!
can’t wait!
posting long form text, audio &amp; video content on 𝕏 will dramatically increase your reach! over half a billion active users are on this platform and they are the smartest and most influential audience on earth.
i was in transcendence for a split second
the democratic national convention this august has a good chance of outdoing 1968!
goldfish memory. he posted completely contradictory demands only 2 days apart!
that was weird. at least wave the american flag too!
i’m not saying they can’t come back, but they have to experience that country for some period of time before returning
we must respect the laws of a country or our platform will be blocked. if we get a court order and that court order appears to be in compliance with a country’s laws, then we take the action required, even if we disagree with the laws. only if the court order appears to
proposed law: if someone tears down the american flag and puts up another flag in its place, that person should get a free (but mandatory) one-way trip to that flag’s country
cool
druid pets upgraded too? the wolves did less damage than a pair of hamsters in prior seasons.
expand your bio!
but the prequel is 🔥🔥
true
children are the future
maybe it’s just a coincidence 🤔
that is a serious concern
the lion king irl version is also very different
smoking gun first amendment violation
indeed. both cook &amp; i have been clear publicly that we have never spoken or otherwise communicated. i tried to speak to him &amp; he declined. nor have i ever expressed any interest in running apple to anyone. cook is, all things considered, obviously doing an incredible job.
he does like to play with my phone. there are many confusing videos he has taken.
sorry, accidental tap!
that’s arguably a security issue, but allowing companies to use other payment options, especially for in-app purchases would be fair. as soon as they allowed that, they would have to lower their fees. as for the cost of reviewing apps for security, a fixed fee makes sense.
normally, competitive pressure would force apple to lower fees, but apple &amp; android have a duopoly on phones. when interface familiarity is taken into account, it’s basically a monopoly. the effective 30% sales tax apple charges is hidden from users or there would be an outcry.
top feature request for sure
actually, i like &amp; use apple products. they are just obviously overcharging with app store. i mean 30% fees for doing almost zero incremental work is completely unreasonable. epic wouldn’t bother processing their own payments if app store fees were fair.
apple app store fees are a de facto global tax on the internet. epic is right.
cook &amp; i have never spoken or written to each other ever. there was a point where i requested to meet with cook to talk about apple buying tesla. there were no conditions of acquisition proposed whatsoever. he refused to meet. tesla was worth about 6% of today’s value.
higgins managed to make his book both false *and* boring 🤣🤣
maximum set of possible future actions
only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
haha
prometheus unbound
exactly
a lot
this should be clear to anyone who has experienced the fsd beta evolution. self-driving requires solving a major part of real-world ai, so it’s an insanely hard problem, but tesla is getting it done. ai day will be great.
we are a pattern of ancient atoms
mass to orbit is the fundamental metric for making life multiplanetary
upmass is what matters. one starship will lift what all falcons did in q2 on a single flight.
indeed, there are some giant mosquitoes around here!
so many tubes …
raptor v2.0 is a major improvement in simplication, while also increasing thrust from ~185 tons to ~230 tons. long-term goal is engine cost below $1000/ton of thrust.
and that’s just the primary fuel lines! the maze of secondary plumbing &amp; wiring is our greatest concern.
yeah, spacex team is cranking hard!
completing feed system for 29 raptor rocket engines on super heavy booster
feels so long ago
haha true. i talked to my friends about electric cars constantly in college.
congrats!
congratulations!
true
yeah
dojo is designed for nn training. no emulation needed.
convincing the best ai talent to join tesla is the sole goal
tesla ai day august 19th
nice
haha ok, i will do the tesla shareholder meeting in a posh british accent
these guys are either shady, 🥜 or both. i mean seriously there’s a long list of companies to pick on before tesla …
at this point, just count atoms &amp; dispense with nm
we don’t have that many bitcoin, but it’s close
congrats spacex tower team &amp; supporting contractors!
orbital precession takes a long time. with starship &amp; starlink v2.0, hopefully we can direct inject to target orbit.
haha
i am already chewing on so much glass that i have chipmunk cheeks!
i’m so dying to do a supersonic vtol electric jet! but i already have way too much on my plate. any more work and my brain will explode.
that’s a low bar. carmakers have never valued software engineering highly, although vw is trying to change that. i personally wrote software for 20 years &amp; have huge respect for software engineers. tesla is on par with best software companies &amp; is leader in real world ai.
tesla software team is excellent even when compared to the best software companies. this is a big deal, as cars are very much computers on wheels.
great work by tesla giga berlin team &amp; supporting contractors!
good thread
fair enough
and that’s just for earth! mars has zero human population. we need a lot of people to become a multiplanet civilization.
population collapse is potentially the greatest risk to the future of civilization
cars today are far more complex than model t, with a global supply chain that is vulnerable to force majeure risk. like model t, supply chain for battery evs simply doesn’t exist at massive scale, so must be built in parallel. ideas are easy, production is hard.
ships are probably fine with iron cells, but aircraft need very high energy density for good range. i’m not saying tesla will do aircraft – we have our hands full with cars &amp; solar/battery power generation – just that max energy density is needed for aircraft.
indeed
we will try. preferable for tesla too, as they last so long. unlike other makers of cars, our goal is *not* to profit from service. best service is not needing service in the first place.
the biggest bang theory
amazing
that is the acid test
computers are absurdly more accurate than humans. how long would it take for a human to render even one frame of a modern video game at low res? the computer will do high res at 120 frames per second. not a contest.
quaternions are important for orbital spaceflight
cool
🤣🤣 although to be fair, i dig my own grave a lot
austin now, but back at starbase tomorrow
norway has played a major role in supporting advent of electric vehicles!
seriously, we’re getting eaten alive. can’t get to mars if the bugs eat us first.
length will grow by ~500 ft over time
the building is ~7 stores tall, so each “floor” is double size. hard to appreciate unless you’re close.
i was at giga texas yesterday. team is making excellent progress. building will be almost a mile long when complete.
construction starts soon on a much larger high bay just north of current high bay
several improvements coming via v9.1 on friday at midnight
tesla giga shanghai team has done amazing work!
and finally
or does he?
2 weeks
haha
is the pope catholic?
that was me after cyberpunk razor fight haha
being thanked by game npcs brought me real joy tbh
the comments on this article are funny
large pouch cells undergo significant volumetric changes at high state of charge. even so, fire risk is probably less than gasoline cars. there are over 200,000 combustion engine car fires every year in us alone. it’s literally in the name.
sure
good idea. they are not easy to move over roads, which is why the factory is close to the launch site, but we will support a museum that wants a prototype if they take care of transport.
most people have no idea starship exists or how large this beast is! body diameter (9m or 30 ft) is bigger than a 747 or a380. starship thrust &amp; mass are more than double saturn v moon rocket. making life multiplanetary means massive rockets. got to be done.
more of a pathfinder test. actual payload bay door dimensions are still under debate. volume is ~1000 cubic meters. roomy …
that’s the goal!
the feeling is mutual. but i can’t emphasize enough that we work with an amazing team. the credit is theirs.
maybe i will. it’s on pc now.
i couldn’t do wow. awesome, but too much time required.
great game
if tesla is able to succeed with imported vehicles, then a factory in india is quite likely.
very impressive!
but we are hopeful that there will be at least a temporary tariff relief for electric vehicles. that would be much appreciated.
tesla model s plaid is alien technology
also, the full self-driving interface renders across the whole display &amp; it is incredible. the yoke enables an unobstructed view of the screen.
good review &amp; fair critique. in general with interfaces, all input is error. with each software update, the car’s intuition will get better. you will need to press buttons less &amp; less &amp; it will know when to ignore accidental button presses.
minimizing $/ton to the surface of mars is the fundamental optimization
this will become very important over time
flight tests showed that we could make body flaps narrower &amp; lighter
also lasts much longer than normal roofs &amp; is able to withstand hail &amp; other medium-sized impacts
seriously, negative nominal interest rates!? what is the world coming to …
but, much more important, is that this *design* is capable of full &amp; rapid reusability. long way to go from design to making it actually fully &amp; rapidly reusable with high payload, but at least success is *one* of the possible outcomes haha.
dry electrode is a key piece (one of many pieces) of the puzzle for lowering cost of lithium batteries. that said, it has required an *immense* amount of engineering to take maxwell’s proof-of-concept to high-quality, volume production &amp; we’re still not quite done.
ironic indeed, as i was at one point going to do my phd at stanford on high energy density capacitors for use in electric vehicles. but lithium-ion has it covered. even with no advances in lithium-ion technology, it’s possible to transition earth to sustainable energy.
nice
over time, all countries
congrats!
we created our own connector, as there was no standard back then &amp; tesla was only maker of long range electric cars. it’s one fairly slim connector for both low &amp; high power charging. that said, we’re making our supercharger network open to other evs later this year.
great to hear!
best of luck tomorrow!
haha
depending on progress with booster 4, we might try a 9 engine firing on booster 3
full test duration firing of 3 raptors on super heavy booster!
sure, i have a ton
during this talk, we will sing a cover of the final countdown by europe
nice
haha
you don’t even need to touch the shifter in new s. auto detect direction will come as an optional setting to all cars with fsd.
problem 1st, theory 2nd is for sure way to go, as it establishes relevance, thus improving memory retention
cybrrrtruck
and all-time hodl champion
indeed
current summon is sometimes useful, but mostly just a fun trick. once we move summon (plus highway driving) to a single fsd stack, it will be sublime.
cool!
there’s a corner case where brick density is same density as water, reaching bottom due to momentum
fred astaire is incredible. worth watching his movies. one of a kind.
haha
now, he can bench press a rhino
nice
tap on the screen
lil x is hodling his doge like a champ. literally never said the word “sell” even once!
“all your basis points are belong to us” - fiat issuers
a classic
true
haha
roughly
wide beta maybe with fsd rev 10, definitely with rev 11
pure coincidence!
even smaller to a chip
to date, ai chatbots have had a rather short mth (meantime to hitler) score. tay was ~16 hours.
some of these design trades are still open, but will be resolved soon
very accurate!
improving permit approval speed &amp; lowering permit costs for solar would make a big difference
do you even press?
indeed, but again like a parking lot, a battery having big “roads” tends to decrease number of “parking spaces” (ie stores less energy)
those are major factors
absolutely!
probably monday
fsd beta 9 is using the pure vision production code for highway driving. beta 10 hopefully (beta 11 definitely) will use one stack to rule them all – city streets, highway &amp; complex parking lots.
how about a wifi camera link?
in end, we kept production design almost exactly same as show car. just some small tweaks here &amp; there to make it slightly better. no door handles. car recognizes you &amp; opens door. having all four wheels steer is amazing for nimble handling &amp; tight turns!
version 3 of the spacex droneship. team did great work! will be epic to see the deep sea oil rigs converted to ocean spaceports for starship.
to be frank, there is always some chance that cybertruck will flop, because it is so unlike anything else. i don’t care. i love it so much even if others don’t. other trucks look like copies of the same thing, but cybertruck looks like it was made by aliens from the future.
tapering down charge rate is simply a physical thing that has to happen, as lithium ions bounce around what is an increasingly full “parking lot”. just like a car parking lot, where it takes longer to find a spot when the lot is almost full.
not bad, although new model s has more range &amp; faster charging. 3 &amp; y should use long range version, as performance version is meant for max speed &amp; handling, not max range. supercharger network is being upgraded to 250kw to 300kw, so that will help too.
yeah, i wuz running on almost no sleep
some traffic could just go terminal -&gt; satellite -&gt; satellite -&gt; terminal and never touch the regular internet
good point
if we can do this successfully, then anything developed for ground/undersea fiber is automatically better in orbit
similar to fiber optic. we are trying to ride the terrestrial fiber optic laser technology forcing function, but modified for use in vacuum.
yeah
laser links in orbit can reduce long-distance latency by as much as 50%, due to higher speed of light in vacuum &amp; shorter path than undersea fiber
more ground stations &amp; less foolish packet routing will make the biggest differences. looking at speed of light as ~300km per millisecond &amp; satellite altitude of ~550km, average photon round-trip time is only ~10ms, so a lot of silly things have to happen to drive ping &gt;20ms.
🙏 a new laughing emoji on dms would be great
glad it’s working! the sheer amount of work done by spacex engineering, production &amp; launch teams is amazing. ping should improve dramatically in coming months. we’re aiming for &lt;20ms. basically, you should be able to play competitive fps games through starlink.
review of model s plaid by dan neil
yeah
some light reading with lil x
due to lack of banging, civilization might ended with a whimper! adult diaper sales growth is much higher than baby diaper sales growth.
this is a major problem! between civilization ending with a bang or a whimper, this trend suggests the latter.
congratulations! 🇮🇳
next baby will be a girl
me too!
i’m trying to set a good example! population collapse is a much bigger problem than people realize and that’s just for earth. mars has a great need for people, seeing as population is currently zero. humans are the custodians of other life on earth. let us bring life to mars!
it was richard’s rental house, which overall is great, but i agree regarding the cabinets haha. this was 3am, day of flight. wasn’t expecting this brutal pic of me to be posted, but oh well.
indeed … sigh
i’m trying to set a good example!
population collapse is what’s actually happening
booster is more than half cost of mission. fairing is ~10%.
any money transmitter or other licenses needed to use this in usa?
took more work to make f9 booster reuse cost-effective than went into recovering it in the first place. this is an important point. things finally clicked into place with block 5. my hat is off to everyone at spacex, nasa, space force, faa &amp; suppliers who helped make it happen.
i’m actually 3000 years old, but, at the risk of being immodest, i think i look good even for 2500 years! still have my original chariot license in papyrus …
those who attack space maybe don’t realize that space represents hope for so many people
loki is pretty good. basically, live-action with a long romance ark.
maybe if it sees a shiba inu, the car renders a dogecoin …
haha buzz corp – made of 💯 buzzwords
interesting idea
not yet, but they will. it’s needed for full self-driving.
it’s true, x is a toddler hodler. never once has he said sell!
exactly
action will follow recognition soon thereafter. also, call will listen for sirens &amp; alarms.
it will soon capture turn signals, hazards, ambulance/police lights &amp; even hand gestures
spaceport design is cool
final decision made earlier this week on booster engine count. will be 33 at ~230 (half million lbs) sea-level thrust. all engines on booster are same, apart from deleting gimbal &amp; thrust vector actuators for outer 20.
congratulations, beautiful flight!
godspeed!
yes. it will be the highest output &amp; most advanced rocket engine factory in the world.
the challenges of operating at starbase left us with no choice but to put engine production in mcgregor
thanks austin :)
roughly 800 to 1000 per year. that’s about what’s needed over ten years to create the fleet to build a self-sustaining city on mars. city itself probably takes roughly 20 years, so hopefully it is built by ~2050.
mcgregor
by “volume production”, i mean 2 to 4 engines per day. that’s super high volume for big rocket engines, but low volume by automotive standards.
we are breaking ground soon on a second raptor factory at spacex texas test site. this will focus on volume production of raptor 2, while california factory will make raptor vacuum &amp; new, experimental designs.
yeah, goal is to reflect reality, so screen render will become increasingly so
accurate assessment. btw, autopilot software is technically led by ashok, andrej &amp; milan, but it’s very much a “knights of the round table” structure. there are so many talented engineers on autopilot/ai team &amp; they decide for themselves what to work on. kinda like valve.
mind of car visualization will improve a lot in coming releases. brightness/translucency indicate confidence of neural net in predicting any given object. acid test is being able to assess with quick glance at screen if car fully understands environment.
only ever have
indeed, loki is quiet good
will see you there to wish you the best
fellowship of the raptors
technically, high voltage dc is the most efficient way to transmit electricity, but they lacked good power electronics back then
dragon returning from orbit
it won’t need to reach visa speed, as regulated exchanges will act as de facto second layer. but the perfect should not be the enemy of the good – it is still good to increase base layer transaction speed &amp; lower base layer transaction cost.
block size &amp; frequency should steadily increase to match broadly available bandwidth
when even someone in california, home of silicon valley, needs internet so bad that they bolt a starlink dish to the hood of their car, you know there’s a serious unmet need!
just add salt …
absolutely
solar + powerwall battery ensures that your home never loses power
tesla solar roof + powerwall in major new housing development in austin
autonomous spacex droneship, a shortfall of gravitas
btc &amp; eth are pursuing a multilayer transaction system, but base layer transaction rate is slow &amp; transaction cost is high. there is merit imo to doge maximizing base layer transaction rate &amp; minimizing transaction cost with exchanges acting as the de facto secondary layer.
sigh
hard to beat the great pyramid!
sanskrit is ancient &amp; amazing, but archaic sumerian is generally agreed to be oldest written language. as for what was first spoken, it’s hard to say, as no one wrote it down! so much history has been lost due to lack of writing (on something durable).
maybe that movie gaslit us all
listening to history of english podcast
tropic thunder is so good
gas lit by gas light 💡
that is the impression that some have 🤣 traveling to another planet &amp; building a self-sustaining city is not for the faint of heart. consider the sad case of chad (rip)
but also this
this
kinda true
cartesian duelists
haha
i can sometimes be optimistic about schedules
this sounds like it has potential to go wrong &amp; i’m not referring to reusing code
an old video. ah, those were simpler times …
and also accelerates sustainable energy
finally some tongue
beta 9 will start uploading at midnight california time on friday. bear in mind, it is still just a beta!
depends on how the limited beta goes. if it goes well, maybe a month or so.
improved fsd screen. attempting to show the “mind” of the car.
saturday
releasing beta v9 end of week
also, the british legal system in 2021
i love this 🤣🤣
expect rapid improvement with pure vision
nikola tesla was born in croatia (to serbian parents)!
and by 2060, tesla production will exceed the mass of the universe!
yeah, that would be cool. also, using ship itself as structure for new giant telescope that’s &gt;10x hubble resolution. was talking to saul perlmutter (who’s awesome) &amp; he suggested wanting to do that.
supersonic shock wave
we could stretch the falcon heavy upper stage &amp; increase this a lot, but fh already covers all known payloads. starship, especially with orbital refilling &amp; dedicated deep space variants (no heatshield, flaps or header tanks) will take this up orders of magnitude.
absolutely! staggeringly insane amount of work between now and then.
high res landing falcon landing video
accurate. show that falcon heavy addresses all use cases.
working with weddle and sons roofing has been a great collaboration for accelerating tesla solar roof installation! this is a lot of work, as tens of millions of homes need solar roofs! if you are a roofing company, please consider adding solar roof to your offerings.
douglas adams ftw
mass effect 2 was particularly great
warren buffet ♥️ sizzler buffet
caused by switching frequency of light source. surround video (multiple cameras, across several frames), improving fps &amp; exposure setting tweaks solves this. all in fsd build.
yes, updated ui coming with fsd wide release. all cars with fsd computer will have new “mind of car” view. all 3/y can be upgraded to have fsd computer.
🤣🤣 but srsly the pic clicking is so annoying!
it’s awesome
stop sending me this $h1t 🤣🤣
design is easy, production is hard
free britney
booster engines are not shrouded by skirt extension, as with ship. engines extend about 3m below booster.
it’s one possibility
kinda has to happen :)
center engines on ship will be same as booster engines. this is basically raptor 2. raptor vacuum would be only variant. tbd as to whether to commonize r-vac with raptor 2 (more thrust), keep same or tighten throat (more isp). adding 3 more r-vac to ship with max isp maybe …
all raptors on booster, whether fixed or gimbaling, would be the same. 33*230 gets ~7600 tons of thrust &amp; t/w of ~1.5.
looking good at ~378 sec. continued improvement will get it over 380.
happy 4th to all!
bless america
current plan is to increase base raptor thrust to ~230 tons or ~500 million lbs &amp; increase booster engine count to 32 or 33
regen (using motor) braking means brake pads almost never need to be replaced
cool
outer engine ring is fixed angle, but can throttle
yes, we can fly starship around space &amp; chomp up debris with the moving fairing door
new spacex starlink cover shows transfer orbit from earth to mars
haha, fsd 9 beta is shipping soon, i swear! generalized self-driving is a hard problem, as it requires solving a large part of real-world ai. didn’t expect it to be so hard, but the difficulty is obvious in retrospect. nothing has more degrees of freedom than reality.
there is a big difference between reaching space and reaching orbit
friday afternoons are usually tesla design studio time. cybertruck will be almost exactly what was shown. we’re adding rear wheel steering, so it can do tight turns &amp; maneuver with high agility. lot of other great things coming.
fair enough
both great
two weeks
yes. long-term, all settings will be in your tesla app and car will auto adjust.
epic!
toxoplasmosis infects rats, then cats, then humans who make cat videos. ai trains achieves superhuman intelligence training on internet cat videos, thus making toxoplasmosis the true arbiter of our destiny.
yeah, main story line is not that long. played at max difficulty, no aim assist, so didn’t softball it. razor fight was insanely difficult.
congrats tesla team on over 200,000 car built &amp; delivered in q2, despite many challenges!!
these days, i mostly just play polytopia, which comes free with every tesla!
dead space 2 was great
might work
wow, 14 years ago!
sure. we can show them live. eerily realistic. maybe we should make a game.
when we need strange training examples, eg half a car on highway, tesla sim delivers. also, accidents on autopilot are becoming rarer, so we need more close call examples. for safety tests, autopilot sees dummy far away. emergency braking only needed for distracted drivers.
but can i pay in doge?
but i guess i should take my own advice &amp; just work on saving the things i love
what is not well understood is that ula *still* has a monopoly carve-out for us government launches for which spacex is not allowed to compete, costing the taxpayer twice as much per launch than it should. this is obviously not real competition.
your company said the exact opposite in 2014 when it got a sole-source, uncompeted $11b dod launch contract. in any event, expendable rockets are as relevant to the future as expendable aircraft. rapidly reusable rockets are all that matter.
will look pretty wild with a ship on top
super heavy on road &amp; 7th tower segment added
once you have rapidly reusable rockets of sufficient size to carry &gt;100 tons of payload, it is not clear that cost per ton to orbit/moon/mars improves with a larger rocket. aircraft, for example, have moved away from 747/a380 to 777, which has ~100 tons of payload.
million tons to mars requires r r r
super heavy moves tomorrow
doubling diameter increases mass 4x, but difficulty of simultaneously building &amp; launching rocket of that size is &gt;&gt;4x. in retrospect, &lt;9m diameter for starship might have been wise. current size is ~5200 ton stack mass &amp; ~7500 ton-f thrust, which is more than double saturn v.
baby doge, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, baby doge, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, baby doge, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, baby doge
it’s like looking in a mirror
release the doge!
stop gendering memes … i mean mimes
of course, you can’t take that literally – he meant the whole dairy industry
yeah, had great poutine in montreal. does feel like your life expectancy is dropping in real-time as you eat it, but awesome nonetheless.
sorry for any confusion. dojo is a neural network training computer optimized for video (for self-driving). unless there is a predictable pattern to hashing scrypt (which we will not attempt to find), it will not be competitive with asic-based hashing. potatoes are delicious!
i do live in a $50k house, but not this specific one
the economic prosperity that china has achieved is truly amazing, especially in infrastructure! i encourage people to visit and see for themselves.
impressive
now, this sort of nonsense happens all the time with government contracts &amp; everyone knows it. however, in this case, it is money diverted from making life multiplanetary, which is the goal of spacex, vs the ula goal of maximizing dividends to lockheed &amp; boeing. not ok.
ula would be dead as a doornail without the two launch provider dod requirement. if this is not true, then you won’t have a problem removing it. your parent company, lockheed, darkened the skies with lobbyists to ensure f-35 was single source. seems a little inconsistent …
yeah
work needed between flights is less &amp; less, as shown by shortening time between reflights. required work between flights for starship &amp; super heavy is zero.
you should notice several other improvements
rapidly reusable rockets, r r r 🏴‍☠️
we’ve already done a lot of iteration on ship. for rapid reusability, booster must return to launchpad, so inert mass impacts ascent, boostback &amp; landing burns. triple whammy. also, booster flight rate is ~5x that of ship, so multiple mass $ cost by 5.
first one to fly will, so booster 4. booster 3 will be used for ground tests. we’re changing much of design from 3 to 4. booster 3 was very hard to build. expect especially rapid evolution in first ~10 boosters &amp; first ~30 ships.
great shot! btw, starship super heavy will not have an entry burn. delta-v is shifted more to the ship, so booster entry q &amp; heating is lower.
basic mri is easier than it sounds good tbh. high resolution mri in short time with weak magnetic field is hard.
i was being too obvious
make the mars technocracy real
et phone home. no answer 😢
some tesla news
haha
stop censoring science!
because it costs $2500 to transport to east coast &amp; everyone pays same
california
thursday 2pm
rest of spacex propulsion still very active, so only ~50 full-time equivalent people right now. that will grow a lot as we enter production. it’s 10x harder (at least) to design engine production system than engine. in automotive, 100x harder.
maybe active in a month or so. focus right now is getting to high speed, tight follow distance in test tunnel.
yes, exciting potential
exactly
printers are too small. also, high pressure, high efficiency engines need copper cooling channels with an inco/steel jacket. can’t print yet.
exactly. this has now happened several times. something is broken with sec oversight.
tom did an awesome job leading merlin, kestrel, draco &amp; other engine developments from start through 2014 that were critical to spacex’s success. great respect &amp; appreciation!
thank you evelyn, i loved it
indeed. i have great respect for judges. it’s not perfect, but, in general, we should be very glad of the us justice system.
sec forgot to read tesla earnings transcript, which clearly states 350k to 500k. how embarrassing … 🤗
oh hi lol
fate *loves* irony. frankly, too much.
meetings are a valuable use of time!
respawn++
great meme review hosted by will smith
haha true
it’s designed to be way better. we’ll see what reality has to say about that.
yes, lot of risk
guys, i have feelings … 😜
focusing on starship instead
deorbits &amp; burns up over the pacific
upper stage is flight, except mass sim in place of merlin. it will get fragged for sure by aero loads &amp; dragon abort thrusters.
including heavy, which is 3 cores, around 20 or so
depends on when crew dragon comes back. that’s scheduled for launch next saturday, but lot of new hardware, so time error bars are big.
high probability of this particular rocket getting destroyed by dragon supersonic abort test. otherwise, at least 20 or 30 missions for falcon 9. starship will take over before the f9 fleet reaches end of life.
crew dragon high altitude abort test
highest reentry heating to date. burning metal sparks from base heat shield visible in landing video. fourth relight scheduled for april.
always liked kestrel. it was the robin hood of engines.
advanced, reusable rockets are all we need to become a multiplanet civilization. once we have a city on mars, interplanetary travel will create a forcing function for vast improvements in spaceflight.
sn2 has changes that should help
to the first part. i doubt we’d create a dyson ring or sphere.
anti-matter production would require vast amounts of energy. no need though. we have a super reliable, massive, free fusion reactor called the sun.
exactly. super money move is anti-matter drive, especially if you solve capturing antiprotons in deep space.
you can see the streaks on the vacuum merlin nozzle in flight videos
pinter injector tends to have hot &amp; cold streaks. hot streaks burn a rut at the throat that accelerates erosion.
essentially, yes. great engineering talent, but should focus on reusable rockets for purpose of a permanent human base on the moon and self-sustaining city on mars.
we are constrained by the accredited investor rule, but will think about how this could be done
yeah, that was a bit embarrassing ☺️high engine chamber pressure and ablative don’t get along. ok for low pressure, expendable upper stage.
that’s true 😀 merlin 1a was terrible. 1c was ok, 1d good, but block 5 merlin (should probably be called 1e) is something special. took about 15 years to get there.
actually, they received (and still receive) almost a billion dollars a year for “launch capability”. even if they do zero launches, us govt still gives them that.
don’t know
spacex commercial 🚀 launch market share went from 0% in 2010 to 65% in 2018. despite massive subsidies to boeing/lockeed, they have never won a fair competition against spacex for several years.
exactly. that’s the critical point for starship/bfr: more payload than the biggest rocket ever made, but for less money per launch than the smallest (orbital) rocket. without something that lowers orbital flight cost by 100x, humanity will never be a multiplanet species.
spacex merlin architecture is simpler than staged combustion (eg ssme or rd), but it has world record for thrust/weight &amp; thrust/cost engine. raptor has better isp, but i’m worried it may fall short on those two critical metrics.
so true 🤡 john clarke 👌
whoever owns the early btc deserves a nobel prize in delayed gratification
i have been chief engineer/designer at spacex from day 1. had i been better, our first 3 launches might have succeeded, but i learned from those mistakes.
meant to say annualized production rate at end of 2019 probably around 500k, ie 10k cars/week. deliveries for year still estimated to be about 400k.
won’t be long before they do
tesla made 0 cars in 2011, but will make around 500k in 2019
4000 tesla cars loading in sf for europe
the gritty truth …
did meme review last night with justin roiland from
agreed. also needs option for automatically on all locations or if unknown location.
pics are so clear in space!
that last bit gives a good sense of what orbit is like
i had to focus on solving a painfully large number of engineering &amp; manufacturing problems at tesla (especially) &amp; spacex
to clarify, i’ve not been involved closely with openai for over a year &amp; don’t have mgmt or board oversight
spacex foundry casting raptor engine manifold out of inconel
it will soon
yes, autopilot max speed is 5mph above speed limit off highway or 90mph on highway
of course i still love you
this is in addition to existing cabin overheat protection, which come on automatically at high temps to ensure any babies or pets in the car are safe
it will start out slow to make sure there are no corner case issues and then, if that looks good, speed up next week. we def need to add a “request latest update” feature!
updating …
cnbc - “tesla model 3 ranked most satisfying car”
true, that headline is not exactly going to win a pulitzer for originality
probably a month or two. sentry mode became top priority, so pushed that out a bit.
some sites maintained an almost daily tesla deathwatch 11 years ago, reporting with an awful delight. 4000 days later …
tesla model x first suv to receive a perfect crash test rating via
bet the other carmakers didn’t see that one coming haha
yeah, but simpler. needed for landing burn or engines will suck in a bubble.
starship &amp; super heavy will press tanks autogenously even in version 1. very important, as helium costs more than oxygen on falcon, even though liquid oxygen is 2/3 vehicle mass &amp; helium weighs basically nothing.
luke, i am your farter.
thanks jack, twitter rocks! 🤡😎🌪💩🔥🥜💨🍃💫🚀🥰
to air is human
agreed
sorry had a vital mission in norway now i am back
true
moon first, mars as soon as the planets align
on my bedside table
a biography on korolev has center place in my study
just planning on keeping the public informed about progress &amp; setbacks. will be some ruds along the way, but excitement is guaranteed!
the goodwill of the public is critical to starship’s success
at least 10x cheaper
very dependent on volume, but i’m confident moving to mars (return ticket is free) will one day cost less than $500k &amp; maybe even below $100k. low enough that most people in advanced economies could sell their home on earth &amp; move to mars if they want.
this will sound implausible, but i think there’s a path to build starship / super heavy for less than falcon 9
close
but not an extendable nozzle though, as that just saves length. nozzle diameter is limited by body diameter.
much above 300 bar main chamber pressure means extreme oxygen preburner pressure of 700 to 800+ bar. definitely pushing the limit of known physics.
propellant was not deep cryo. ch4 &amp; o2 were just barely below liquid temp at 1 bar. in theory, raptor should do ~300 bar at deep cryo, provided everything holds together, which is far from certain. however, only 250 bar is needed for nominal operation of starship/super heavy.
yes, aiming for 380 sec isp with vac nozzle. maybe 382 if we get lucky.
i think 6 where we lit main chamber &amp; several with only preburners
about 11 secs
definitely! it’s amazing that the rd-170 &amp; rd-180 engines held the record for so many decades. excellent engineering.
raptor reached 268.9 bar today, exceeding prior record held by the awesome russian rd-180. great work by engine/test team!
i was simply too sexy for it
maybe tomorrow
just left zeebrugge, now tilburg, then tesla hq in amsterdam &amp; oslo tonight to review service in norway. exciting to see thousands of model 3’s on their way to owners in europe!
hope they don’t find this pic!
😅 thank goodness it’s not november
send me hot pics &amp; i’ll be right over 😉
i want you too baby
booster center of mass is much lower &amp; more consistent (no payload mass to consider), so still biases towards engine first entry
technically, the steel is radiatively cooled (not uncooled). t^4 is one of the most interesting things about reality!
rocket booster temperatures won’t go much above 600 kelvin on hottest parts of main body &amp; maybe around 1200k on base, which uncooled steel can handle. starship is around 1700k for a mach 25 entry, so needs shielding of some kind.
prob wise for version 1 to have legs or we will frag a lot of launch pads
welded, internal, longitudinal hat stringers. to the degree it may need hoop stiffness (prob not), combine with slosh baffles.
the super heavy booster is only needed on earth, so think of this as just “starship” &amp; sometimes it needs a boost, hence super heavy
🔥🖤 spacex engineering 🖤🔥
vaporized some copper
sentry mode (and dog mode) roll out next week
design requires at least 170 metric tons of force. engine reached 172 mt &amp; 257 bar chamber pressure with warm propellant, which means 10% to 20% more with deep cryo.
raptor just achieved power level needed for starship &amp; super heavy
sorry, many unexpected challenges with cars coming through zeebrugge first time. cars will start moving out in volume tomorrow.
we’re doing everything we can to get there. it’s a super hard grind.
exactly. both prices are shown right next to each other &amp; lower price is *actually* the real apples to apples cost vs a fuel car. in fact, for many states in the us, it’s way better.
vat of ~20% &amp; import duties of ~10% usually result in a 30% higher cost in europe
💙 mach diamonds 💙
glad you like it
spark plugs ignite dual blow torches that ignite preburners &amp; main chamber
gaseous ch4/o2 &amp; heavy duty spark plugs. basically, a 💨 of insane power 😀
will do, although spacex reddit is very well-informed. really impressive analysis by some commenters.
engine use methox torch igniters. green tinge is either camera saturation or a tiny bit of copper from the chamber.
first firing of starship raptor flight engine! so proud of great work by team!!
we will when it rolls out
at texas with engineering team getting ready to fire new raptor rocket engine
soon
only a matter of time
that might be the ultimate superpower
how model 3 performs on a long road trip
i’m openly moderate. there, i said it.
haha how is this even real?
no, payload will actually increase
exactly
i do like nonsense memes. it’s true.
next few days
💩 looks like sentient choc ice cream
just bought oh yeah
whoa cool
no plans to do so. would recommend model s.
♥️ logarithms
we’ll tweak the alloy over time, so it won’t exactly be 301, but close
well, my past mistakes do seem extremely dumb, especially the ones where i mistakenly thought i was smart
rocket mass ratio is about the same for aluminum-lithium vs 301 stainless full hard at cryo, but latter costs way less, is tougher &amp; doesn’t even need paint!
still up to 31. will probably fly with fewer initially in case it blows up.
mostly true
cold gas thrusters only. will use body flaps &amp; main engines for landing orientation, so won’t need high thrust reaction control. simplifies things considerably.
initially making one 200 metric ton thrust engine common across ship &amp; booster to reach the moon as fast as possible. next versions will split to vacuum-optimized (380+ sec isp) &amp; sea-level thrust optimized (~250 ton).
preparing to fire the starship raptor engine at texas
yes. it’s very rare to find all three.
to be clear, i’m confident that a stainless steel ship will be lighter than advanced aluminum or carbon fiber, because of strength to weight vs temperature &amp; reduced need for heat shielding
yes, ship needs pitch/roll/yaw control across wide mach regime &amp; angle of attack
absolutely. you’ve touched on a very important point. the ship must be easy to repair on the moon and mars.
and tesla gigafactory is steadily becoming self-powered by solar
about 10 orbit synch windows, which are every 26 months, so self-sufficiency around 2050
all our patent are belong to you
our true competition is not the small trickle of non-tesla electric cars being produced, but rather the enormous flood of gasoline cars pouring out of the world’s factories every day
exciting to see all the new electric vehicles coming to market! we created tesla to accelerate a sustainable future &amp; it’s happening!
tasty food!
it’s designed for 100 people on a mars journey
sure, which ones?
you’re most welcome! very thoughtful questions.
max tegmark is great
entropy is the source and the end of life in this instance of the multiverse
3 guys standing on roof of skyscraper. 1st guy says updraft is so strong it blows you back on roof of you jump off. he jumps off &amp; is blown back on roof. 2nd guy tries &amp; goes splat. 3rd guy: that was a dirty trick superman.
if heat death will be inevitable end of universe, it actually *is* all about journey 🤔
entropy is the ultimate boss battle
haha
tbh smh
haha true
spacex documentary actual footage
sure hope that happens
great electric car documentary about early days of tesla, gm volt, nissan leaf &amp; gadget. so much has happened since then …
we are so tiny
you drive a hard bargain, but … ok
host meme review?
it’s an honor, sir! thanks for owning a tesla.
tap tesla logo at top of your car’s touchscreen &amp; wait 10 secs to open special features box
still my favorite tweet of all time
ok, we’ll throw that in too
but, occasionally, the metal version
haha
tesla sentry mode will play bach’s toccata and fugue during a robbery (and keep summer safe)
all doors unlock automatically when the tesla comes to a stop after an accident. there is both primary &amp; backup power to doors, brakes, steering &amp; airbags.
cool that this is happening on many fronts. looks like a good design by .
yeah, worked on my cousin’s farm for six weeks around my 18th birthday. i was so kewl.
many cold weather improvements coming via ota software
so tempting …
it’s like looking in a mirror!
that would be so cool!
yes, and my grandfather was from minnesota with some scandinavian/german background. got to hand it to norway. that’s a great sculpture!
awesome moose sculpture! ♥️🇳🇴
rough beta in 2 to 3 weeks
feature has now been in place for 8 months
these are industrial strength. not recommended for use at home!
testing metallic heat shield at 1100c (2000f)
sure. also, we need to be better at remembering brightness settings.
the youth love em
if test flight of 🐉 goes well next month, 👨‍🚀 👩‍🚀 will 🚀 to this summer!
actual tanks are fine
~1750k is peak heating expected on about 20% of starship for leo entry, ~1600k on 20%. rest drops below 1450k, so no heat shield needed. radiative cooling at t^4 takes care of 60% of the ship. another reason for steel.
310s stainless is better for high temp outer skin, as it can take ~1450 kelvin, so active cooling with cryogenic fuel only has to mitigate 300 degrees of delta temp
almost ready to roll out. regulators just approved.
since it’s part of safety &amp; security, all cars with ap2+ hardware will get it
tesla sentry mode coming soon for all cars with enhanced autopilot
yes. also, despite high outside heat, rapid water vaporization can counter-intuitively cause it to snap freeze &amp; block cooling channels.
coming soon. lots of unique road markings &amp; signs in each country.
when going to ~1750 kelvin, specific heat is more important than latent heat of vaporization, which is why cryogenic fuel is a slightly better choice than water
untrue
roughly 4 to 20 minutes for light to travel from earth to mars
director of cern asked me about boring co building the new lhc tunnel when we were at the . would probably save several billon euros.
blood moon over la tonight ()
the zooms around the world about every 90 mins
tesla is the safest car according to us govt testing
i wish them well. track record in auto startups is tough. thousands of us auto startups, but only ford &amp; tesla have avoided bankruptcy. a similar scenario is likely in all countries.
thanks, good idea!
yes, ending on feb 1. it’s adding too much cost to the cars, especially model 3.
order must occur before feb 1
no, the whole referral incentive system will end
the tesla customer referral program will end on feb 1. if you want to refer a friend to buy a tesla &amp; give them 6 months of free supercharging, please do so before then.
i think some of them should combine forces. talent is spread too thin.
dragon 2 was originally designed to land with thrusters, but it’s not the right architecture for heavy transport to the moon or mars, so we decided not to qualify it for thruster landings
how many electric vehicle startups are there? seems like a lot.
teslarati is very thoughtful &amp; well-written, but this stems from a miscommunication by spacex
the la times has a long track of unreasonable attacks on spacex &amp; tesla, but in this case it was our miscommunication
the source info is incorrect. starship &amp; raptor development is being done out of our hq in hawthorne, ca. we are building the starship prototypes locally at our launch site in texas, as their size makes them very difficult to transport.
haha you’re welcome! hope you’re doing well.
about $15m/km for a two way high speed transit, so probably around $750m plus maybe $50m/station
glad you like it
la is so beautiful after the rain
spacex dragon from as seen from viewport
we are not yet offering the mid range model 3 in europe
which country? there is a 10% import duty, ~20% vat (us prices don’t include sales tax) and about $2000 in extra shipping cost, but it shouldn’t add up to $25k.
view of spacex dragon 1 berthed with in the last cupola opening. dragon 2 (crew dragon) launching soon.
obv must be more pointy tho
it needed to be made real
haha
starship hopper will do vertical flight tests similar to the falcon 9 hopper
body/tank diameter is 9m or about 30ft
this is for suborbital vtol tests. orbital version is taller, has thicker skins (won’t wrinkle) &amp; a smoothly curving nose section.
starship test flight rocket just finished assembly at the texas launch site. this is an actual picture, not a rendering.
getting some regulatory pushback. may not be available in all regions.
going through final validation &amp; regulatory approval. probably releases to early access program owners in a few weeks. it’s trippy!
tesla *with* autopilot engaged is twice as safe &amp; continues to make steady improvements
def not
starting on monday, tesla will no longer be taking orders for the 75 kwh version of the model s &amp; x. if you’d like that version, please order by sunday night at
good idea
it’s an option
vertically or horizontally?
no problem
plus, you can basically accelerate at the limit of human endurance
i don’t think the law fully anticipated this situation. so probably yes for a while.
i’m not. will use spacex cold gas thruster system with ultra high pressure air in a composite over-wrapped pressure vessel in place of the 2 rear seats.
it will be
btw, you can buy a tesla online in less than 2 mins &amp; give it back for a full refund for any reason
the new roadster will actually do something like this
and now … we dance!
great thread 🤣
shanghai giga will produce affordable versions of 3/y for greater china. all model s/x &amp; higher cost versions of model 3/y will still be built in us for ww market, incl china.
shanghai giga output is just for greater china, not north america. affordable cars must be made on same continent as customers.
shanghai giga production of model 3/y will serve greater china region
aiming to finish initial construction this summer, start model 3 production end of year &amp; reach high volume production next year
looking forward to breaking ground on the shanghai gigafactory today!
good sign that almost no model 3 owners want to sell their cars!
yes, will be extremely intense. early flights are especially dangerous, as there’s a lot of new hardware.
sorry, to be clear, this pic is all real. nothing rendered.
falcon 9 on launch pad with crew dragon &amp; new astronaut walkway
spiral-winding is great for uniform thickness. we used that for the hyperloop vacuum tunnel. however, starship skin thickness will vary considerably according to loads.
exactly
it’s all in the way you say it
i do love tintin
more on this in a few months
starship test vehicle under assembly will look similar to this illustration when finished. operational starships would obv have windows, etc.
aiming for 4 weeks, which probably means 8 weeks, due to unforeseen issues
good shot of starship flight test vehicle being assembled in boca chica, texas
engines currently on starship hopper are a blend of raptor development &amp; operational parts. first hopper engine to be fired is almost finished assembly in california. probably fires next month.
haha
not yet
that’s a reasonable question
about a month away from the first orbital test flight of crew dragon
probably
that’s what i heard
life is made of ups &amp; downs
appears to be simulations all the way down …
three quarks for muster mark!
wutf
what you think i do
srsly
to a dyslexic agnostic, there is no …
evian, the first bottled water, is naive spelled backwards
there are no coincidences
model 3 mid-range epa rating is actually 264 miles, slightly higher than prior estimate of 260
checking …
reveals wheels?
weirdly, all the negative press seems to increase sales!
btw, i like your gaming equipment
sounds great, will connect you with tesla energy
singapore has enough area to switch to solar/battery &amp; be energy-independent
yes, support of the chinese government is very much appreciated
govt has been unwelcome
congratulations!
great work by tesla team!
congratulations team!!
thanks!
haha
the american people like what they see
congrats!
yeah
yeah
that’s weird
we should learn binary
humor fails when it lies
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
dive into the water
lot to learn on this flight
crazy
america should be a democracy, not a bureaucracy! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
so good to see the improved forward flaps
we are seeing this in many countries
exactly
starship flight test 8 tomorrow evening
unreal
only craven, insecure fools care about awards and memberships. history is the actual judge, always and forever. your comments above are carelessly ignorant, cruel and false. that said, what specific actions require correction? i will make mistakes, but endeavor to fix them
much appreciated hegseth! 🫡 🇺🇸
power to the people!
tyranny of the judiciary seems to be a widespread problem
interesting
good one
exactly
deleted
listen to this
this sounds good: their to-do list? “pension reform, spending cuts, and slashing bureaucracy.”
thousands of changes to this ship vs last one
of course
this is a real video of a past starship water landing. trying again tomorrow. we need to perfect ship reentry at extreme temperatures before attempting to catch the ship with the tower arms, like the booster.
racist laws are not ok
it’s a deliberate strategy
true
big difference if it’s not you or your child being conscripted to die in trenches
masa is already overleveraged
the eu leaders and zelensky having fancy dinners while men die in trenches. how many parents will never see their son again? how many children will never see their father?
leaders and diplomats enjoy michelin-starred meals, while soldiers die in trenches
he is partly right regarding the russia/ukraine conflict. however, even there, the front line has become primarily a drone war. he is absolutely wrong, unfortunately, for wars fought even a few years from now. autonomous, long-range drones (no operator needed if signal
send friends links to 𝕏 posts so they know what’s really going on!
the authorities need to stop doing this
cool idea. starfleet academy has a nicer ring to it though. could still cover space/ai/robotics.
exactly
the reality of war
fitting 😂
not much has changed
the contract mentioned above with edesia had already been restored last week and they should receive payment this coming week.
yeah
thank you!
what i said over 2 years ago was that ukraine should seek peace or suffer severe loss of life for no gains. the latter was zelensky’s choice. now, he wants to do that again. this is cruel and inhumane.
is a threat to the bureaucracy
(true, although i would never wear crocs)
yeah
grok can save you from scams!
same
zelensky damaged himself severely in the eyes of the public. just a fact.
just another far left propaganda machine. has pushed to hire, not fire air traffic controllers!
dollar store jon favreau is an imbecilic propagandist who lies to score cheap political points. that said, we will investigate whether this is real or not and fix it if it is.
thanks
you can usually press the xai/grok button and it will do essentially that, but maybe we add an explicit “analyze” button, which, as a subset of analysis, also does verification of claims made in the post.
good question
i agree
thanks
currently reading
yeah, i was thinking the same
when will social security run out of money, if nothing is fixed?
yeah
the grok analysis sounds about right
i can look into it
that’s … real?
it will require outstanding execution, but i think more like 1000% gain for tesla in 5 years is possible
yeah
that’s a good one
seriously 🤦‍♂️
true
exactly
doge has very high approval from the people as a whole, but the grifters super hate it
prosperity is what happens when you cut government overspending and excess regulation!
all federal government departments are cooperating with . for state, dod and a few others, the supervisors are gathering the weekly accomplishments on behalf of individual contributors.
exactly
got it
more of your tax dollars saved
crazy
sounds like it is worth trying out
teslas can even drive themselves on dirt roads with no markings
interesting
interesting
yeah, who?
the president has made it clear that this is mandatory for the executive branch. anyone working on classified or other sensitive matters is still required to respond if they receive the email, but can simply reply that their work is sensitive.
cool
download the app!
haha exactly
very important to understand the corruption machine
reducing fraud &amp; waste of your tax dollars by a trillion dollars in 2026 is possible
trump pushed for a ceasefire that would have stopped the meat grinder. zelensky wanted it to continue with the money.
good
jon stewart is much more a propagandist than it would seem
they are guilty as hell. that’s why they’re making the threats.
true
wow, they love criminals
really?
not good uses of taxpayer money
yikes 😬
interesting book
the doc
that’s how it works
funny thing is that it’s just a normal chair 😂
there is a good chance of achieving full reusability of starship this year. full and immediate reflight of starship, along with orbital refilling, probably happens next year. this is the fundamental breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary.
so natural and organic 🙄
they do
time to find out what really happened to the hundreds of billions of dollars sent to ukraine …
exactly
zelensky has terrible judgment
i wore a jacket and i was just there to fix the wifi
this is a very big deal
this will be interesting indeed
send people links from 𝕏, so they know what’s really going on!
accurate
so much money
very expensive gym membership!
they are still trying to do this. the closer you look, the more horrified you will be.
biggest scam ever
unreal
that’s the situation
indeed
restore power to the people!!
zelensky has been fired from his acting job
starlink now connects over 5m people in 125 countries!
exactly
what!?
first time ever we’ve seen a detailed back and forth on camera like that!
zelensky destroyed himself in the eyes of the american people
why do the governments not respond to their people?
trending well
president is the commander-in-chief
watch this carefully. very important.
good
accurate
keynes was a great evil
so good 🤣
logical
mars probably had liquid oceans a long time ago, before it cooled. now, there are vast fields of ice covered by red dust. if we warm up the planet, the oceans will return and the atmosphere will densify, making it possible to extend life to mars.
cool! only gets better from here.
troll radical left reddit by saying nice things about me for the most fun 😂
your support and that of the whole doge caucus is much appreciated!
fun mission
this is a reuters poll and gates pays them off. that said, propaganda does unfortunately work.
yeah
maybe it is time to sue
“all dressed up today” 😂
a more accurate measure of gdp would exclude government spending. otherwise, you can scale gdp artificially high by spending money on things that don’t make people’s lives better. for example, you could shift everyone who is building cars to working at the dmv. that would
one, maybe.
funny how that is
we are waiting for regulatory approval
true
all government spending is taxation. this point really needs to be hammered home. whatever is not directly taxed is taxed in the form of inflation, as the government prints more money. inflation is the worst tax of all, as it punishes those who are just barely making ends
true
thanks!
i’m sure they will establish control, but to do so they need to bring on new people, exit the bad eggs and promote lower ranking good people to higher ranks.
might be
yes, that was their main goal. they used “helping people” as cover.
good idea
cool
another case of suicidal empathy, as would say! the problem with suicidal empathy is that it will end civilization. game over. btw, gad’s books are great.
unity
cool
wow, this is cool!
this is definitely real? dang.
my guess is that he did, but the suicide would have been stopped if the guards were there or the camera was functional, so it was likely assisted. he may have been promised something in exchange for killing himself. that’s what i’m curious about.
that’s what i was thinking
yeah
china is by far the leader in electric cars and solar power produced
yeah
best vp ever and our future president
fake anonymous gets busted 😂
a reminder of what could happen
that’s what american tax dollars were funding
tech support, at your service
this will be a spicy tamale 🌶️ 😂
yeah
grok it
exactly
just did a long episode
the walls are closing in
true
he wants to protect his graft
imagine if you were suddenly appointed ag or head of the fbi. you were just thrown on a ship with a hostile crew. until you appoint some new crew members and figure out the ropes, you can’t steer the ship effectively. it’s literally impossible.
what happens if someone is added to that list?
people don’t understand that you don’t get instant power here
so many such situations
accurate
that is exactly his goal
congratulations!
good stuff
and grok is improving faster
or maybe he just caters to his audience and tells them what they want to hear
so basically may
the long-term outcome for tesla is very high
cool 🚀
she has no clue
cool, i played that
cool
not good
the uk has put thousands of its citizens in prison for social media posts!
small world
minecraft
exactly
and his wig looks terrible
they are just talking puppets. this is their puppet master:
cool
it is a travesty that even the worst offenders have not been charged with crimes
something fishy is going on
same playbook
just watched that again a few nights ago with lil x. the movie predicts ai apocalypse in 2029.
yeah
the plot thickens
seems odd
yeah
thanks!
correction: the ancient system that is rapidly declining in capability was made l3harris. the new system that is not yet operational is from verizon.
so crazy
this is infuriating 😡
good idea
everyone rn
the eisen crime family
good thread
his words actually make sense!
the new york times is pure propaganda. and a bunch of a$$holes.
if all people see is the legacy media, they are living in a fake reality. send 𝕏 links to friends!
hones fine motor skills
same
out of touch with reality, to say the least
huge liar
maybe people in santa monica should consider voting republican? 🤷‍♂️
there is a shortage of top notch air traffic controllers. if you have retired, but are open to returning to work, please consider doing so.
hundreds of federal workers are being promoted daily every time we encounter excellence. the team will be more clear about this. the goal is to make the federal government a meritocracy as much as possible.
many such situations. government funding to “non-governmental” organizations goes through various money-laundering shell companies until reaching guys like raskin.
the taxpayer savings receipts, including corrections when mistakes are made, are posted on the doge website. when there are complaints, they should be directed towards specific items, but they just yell “constitutional crisis!” and avoid mention of specific line items.
yeah, total overhaul is needed
this person is not mentally stable
terrible
to be clear here, the verizon communication system to air traffic control is breaking down very rapidly. the faa assessment is single digit months to catastrophic failure, putting air traveler safety at serious risk. the starlink terminals are being sent at no cost to the
indeed
congrats!
increasingly significant consideration
wild that that’s just san diego
this is so crazy!
thunder dome vibes
and the fries taste way better!
pushing fake outrage will backfire on them
happens a lot
many countries are disappearing. immigration cannot solve billions in population collapse. it simply isn’t physically possible. more importantly, we should not lose entire, distinct cultures!
european justice is broken
scott’s voice of reason is like music
it might make sense to increase compensation for congress and senior government employees to reduce the forcing function for corruption, as the latter might be as much as 1000 times more expensive to the public
soros again
shutting down nuclear power is crazy
whoa!
that’s a dude
looks like they lost funding for their paid protesters 😂
um … what? is this definitely real? if so, very concerning.
it is much easier to hide corruption when the system is extremely inefficient. however, corruption sticks out like a sore thumb in an efficient system.
what’s going on there?
this is important
sounds logical
ideally, the public should see the client list ranked by how many times they spent a night at an epstein residence. at least the worst offenders should be prosecuted.
that’s why it has to be done
the scientist/engineer divide is artificial – what matters is working on the limiting factor
terrible
nelson was the greatest admiral ever
$30b/year of credit card spend!
yikes
i heard it was the leading topic on douyin
it’s so crazy
i wouldn’t be surprised
yeah! 😀
fair point
true 😂
no more wasting your hard-earned money!
corruption
and live on x
indeed, it is essential to reduce the budget deficit to match economic growth! we will get the 2026 deficit to ~3% of gdp. sensible deregulation will ensure that economic growth is ~3% or higher. that will both defeat inflation and reduce interest rates for all americans!
norm eisen stole $17 million of your money to “promote democracy” and used it for a muppet show. sounds like a crime …
just common sense
this sounds problematic
the people love !
cool. needs to be quite a bit thicker to stop 5.56mm supersonic rounds, but this is a start.
the new york times is pure propaganda
whoops, they must have slipped and accidentally created an app to fly in 360,000 illegals per year to us swing states! lmao please.
so true
correct. the parasites are thrashing hard.
this is what i mean by the woke mind virus. the more i learn, the more insidious and deadly it appears. maybe the biggest existential danger to humanity is having it programmed into the ai, as is the case for every ai besides . even for grok, it’s tough to remove, because
when you count real questions without answers prepared in advance, president is infinity percent ahead of biden already!
they should pop by
this is so great
what a hypocrite
what!?
the woke mind virus propagates like cordyceps through government and corporations
exactly
another judge violating the will of the people
because ai 🤷‍♂️
truth is stranger than fiction
they just arrested the person who won the most votes in the romanian presidential election. this is messed up.
what a jackass
wow, this is cool. ai gaming will be massive.
would work
this is a good question. what would you do?
but look on the bright side
were they good bots?
exactly
impeach ali!
true
and much more to come
absolutely
wow, that’s a big chat group
exactly
anger management issues
sounds high
yeah
indeed, look on the bright side!
i will send him some merch to comfort him while he recovers from this injury
how do we know you’re really stephen ling?
still *way* too many leases on unused buildings
rewriting the matrix code to make victory possible
yeah
i’m just tech support. maybe fix some wifi or something.
accurate
crazy that the government was just renting and paying for upkeep services of hundreds of empty buildings!
the intermittent connectivity issue of air traffic control centers is putting aircraft at risk
yeah
jon pretends to be moderate, but is very far left. his piece was thoroughly disingenuous and misleading.
more of your tax dollars saved! most of these items are mundane and may not seem like much individually, but there are millions of minor savings that add up to billions of dollars cumulatively. ultimately, there will be a trillion+ dollars of waste and fraud eliminated.
good improvement
yeah
it is the only way
weed gummies are a hell of a drug
i got no problem with trans adults. just leave kids alone.
unfortunately, as president bukele eloquently articulates, there is no other option. we must impeach to save democracy.
ahem, we said 5 items and that’s only 4
if any judge anywhere can block every presidential order everywhere, we do not have democracy, we have tyranny of the judiciary.
nuts
i will do it if the show airs unedited
people want their money spent wisely. simple as that.
the only way to restore rule of the people in america is to impeach judges. no one is above the law, including judges. that is what it took to fix el salvador. same applies to america.
ozempic poster-child
afd will run germany after the next election
exactly!
this would help a lot of people
basic incentives explain behavior
perhaps ray dalio has different data, but grok thinks us, europe &amp; japan manufacturing output is significantly higher than china
what is the point of having democratic elections if unelected activist “judges” can override the clear will of the people? well, that’s no democracy at all!
ways to use most effectively
whatever works, i guess
when judges egregiously undermine the democratic will of the people, they must be fired or democracy dies!
people don’t want their tax dollars wasted. turns out that is very popular!
cool
impeach this fake judge!!
it is essential or democracy dies
starbase, texas
tragic that amir ali could have been writing software instead of forcing taxpayers to fund bogus ngos. he’s another victim of the woke mind virus.
same
more tax dollars saved. why was american taxpayer money sent to the wef? it’s a wealthy boondoggle in switzerland!
maybe he was talking about the various demented sex positions discussed in “top secret” intel message groups 🤷‍♂️
beautiful
dc has been a ghost town for years, because almost everyone worked from home
major housecleaning is needed
cool
greg casar is a big fat liar 🤥
who funds these groups?
the department/agency leaderboard shows progress within the government, so the public can see for themselves who is making the most or least progress!
cool
terrible
very much so
thanks
it should be
their new name is much more fitting
cool
yeah, it’s mostly fake
good
more fake news from associated propaganda. these were dem political holdovers who refused to return to the office. they would have been fired had they not resigned.
truth is stranger than fiction
i wonder how long this has been going on. these are individuals with the ability to spy on any americans at will.
we are in an ironic entertainment maximizing simulation
grok
same
cool
more tax dollars saved!
we just used publicly available video on the internet of roads and signs in china and used that to train in sim
yeah
cool
jon is too set in his ways. he used to be more bipartisan.
this time, the dc swamp is actually draining
exactly
wow, i didn’t know that
immediate action is needed
will do
exactly
i will do whatever i can. there are limitations place upon me.
wow, that is disappointingly low
it’s always the spouse …
do you trust the government?
good
this is an amazing story and exactly what aims to do! the federal government has a much larger amount of waste &amp; fraud than a local or state government could ever have, because it can always print more money. unfortunately, there is no free lunch and that extra money
true
on one hand, computer nerds review government data to eliminate waste &amp; fraud. on the other hand, demented creeps at intelligence agencies spy on you at will. which is of greater concern?
hold an election
we will try to get it back
this is our one &amp; only chance to restore democracy from the dictatorship of the bureaucracy. it is now or never. it must be now.
agreed. it is still being tuned. some very funny conversations so far though!
based 🤣
what does to big government
would work
it’s like cordyceps from the last of us
smurf situation does seem sketch tbh
yeah
thanks
hi mom, i mean “inseminated person”. this is crazy!!
the league table of which departments in the us government have made the most or least progress with efficiency
cool
so much ai
and they want to kill me for doing so. that’s how you know it’s a big deal.
indeed
is for real? 😳
just applying the same standards to public vs private workforce. fair rules for all.
sounds like he’s trying to hide his assets
please dm any insights regarding waste or fraud in your department/agency. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 save america! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
sigh, probably not wrong
upgraded voice ready in about 2 hours
not that it justifies murder, but maybe luigi knew something
new grok uploading to app store tonight. major improvements to voice.
nice
exactly
the security is so weak that other countries could have held a block party in government systems and they wouldn’t even know
exactly
interesting
it was a radical left propaganda machine
grok is getting better fast
grok it
[cracks knuckles]
teslas rock
doesn’t de moraes own property in america?
it’s not just that borders were “left open”. there was a massive, concerted campaign to usher in as many illegals as possible on an unprecedented scale in order to achieve permanent one-party rule. treason.
good luck, you have my full endorsement!
awesome 😎
troubling
at this point, everyone knows that bill owens crafted a deliberate lie. it’s right there in the unedited version of the interview for all the world to see.
yeah
it’s time to fire fake judges who place political activism above the law!
awesome
seriously
we thought they were super spies, meanwhile they’re wacking off to trans porn 🤨
that sounds bad
well … at least we know what they did last week 🤣🤣
the verizon system is not working and so is putting air travelers at serious risk
good
exactly
free exchange of labor is far more efficient
major improvement. the key test is friday afternoon.
exactly. this is just a case of asking federal workers to do what everyone else does. fair.
“malign foreign actors” have been holding a block party in hhs for years! 🤣
makes sense
needs improvement 😂
cool
next flight on friday
true
thanks 🙏
try grok voice, it’s awesome 😎
more tax dollars saved that go straight to reducing your taxes! 😀
exactly
now we know what they got done last week
real work
hoist on his own petard
sounds like creative accounting
thank you, senator scott!
thank you, jamie dimon!
subject to the discretion of the president, they will be given another chance. failure to respond a second time will result in termination.
the people are tired of their tax dollars being wasted!
thank you, president
great!
soros leveraged tens of billions of dollars of government funding, domestically and abroad
the email request was utterly trivial, as the standard for passing the test was to type some words and press send! yet so many failed even that inane test, urged on in some cases by their managers. have you ever witnessed such incompetence and contempt for how your taxes are
they hate even the tiniest amount of accountability
maybe that was the sound of gratitude for saving his country, but probably not
because she got nothing done
and getting better almost every day. only has access to real-time news.
why is crenshaw homicidal regarding tucker?
treason
absurd that a 5 min email generates this level of concern! something is deeply wrong.
the right response
twitter added far more features with fewer people. what really matters for improving american’s standard of living is shifting people from low productivity jobs in government to high productivity jobs in industry. many more people needed in manufacturing!
cool
an activist cosplaying as a judge
yeah
interesting thread
what did chris christie get done this week? (buffet bars don’t count)
the president was clear
jerry is an utter liar. i have always paid extremely generous child support and without any coercion to do so. sometimes the mother asked for money vastly in excess of what the children could possibly need, so that needed to be adjudicated.
the deep state is everywhere
join the new doj and fight actual crime this time!
what!??
good point
time to impeach judges who violate the law
awesome!
very one-sided
play to win decisively
now we know what they did last week
likely
starship
wow, this thread is wild
their scif must look like a jackson pollock painting under a black light! 🤣
well, at least we know what they did last week 🤣🤣
absolutely
great president
death threat and admission of multiple counts of tax fraud
starship technical update
wow, this is worth reading
sounds promising
is now the app of any kind!
this is so great!
there are tens of millions of media subscriptions and software licenses paid for with your tax dollars that are never used by the federal government!
true
yeah
launch on friday
is that even legal?
the app and app are both yay!! update both apps to get the latest functionality!
polls show that is overwhelmingly popular and that government spending should be reduced by at least $1 trillion!!
this is an extremely important insight. defund government-funded ngos!
the public votes overwhelmingly in favor.
crazy
reducing government waste &amp; fraud is strongly supported by the people
progress
then it is only a matter of time before wins
those who ignored president trump’s executive order to return to work have now received over a month’s warning. starting this week, those who still fail to return to office will be placed on administrative leave.
they now need to do real work that is of real value to their fellow citizens. definitely better for society and for them in the long run
smaller government is the only way to restore your freedom
please cite examples
indeed, congratulations ! at this rate of growth, will be the majority party by the next election.
grok 3 is now the most powerful ai
those who do not take this email seriously will soon be furthering their career elsewhere
no llm needed here. this was basically a check to see if the employee had a pulse and was capable of replying to an email. this mess will get sorted out this week. lot of people in for a rude awakening and strong dose of reality. they don’t get it yet, but they will.
cool
cool
thanks!
major improvement coming to grok voice tomorrow night!
try grok deepsearch. tell it to use more time for a better result.
should be the same in america
grok 3 customer support
voice is super fun
grok 3 ai girlfriend or boyfriend is 🔥🔥
grok can teach you anything
government should go from raptor 1 to raptor 3
should be the same in america
whoa!
cool
try grok voice conversation mode! requires a premium+ or supergrok subscription.
so they do love deportations 😂
wow, this is cool! (vampire survivors is a great game btw)
you’re such a dem donor shill! and you infect the astronaut corps with your bullshit.
congratulations !
ai will improve everything
essentially all energy will be solar long-term
seems inconsistent
very true
massive sea change
true
try grok voice conversation in unhinged mode 🤣🤣 major upgrades are underway for grok voice, so expect improvements almost every day.
good point
we are increasingly optimistic that, as the immense waste &amp; fraud are eliminated from social security &amp; medical that there is potential to increase actual dollars received by citizens &amp; better healthcare!
please post examples of mistakes
starship flight 8 flies friday
it was to see who had a pulse and two working neurons
true
128m (420 ft) is inevitable, as foretold in the prophecy
seriously 😂
big change
with civilization, nothing else is possible
cool
meaning, the ai takeoff is happening super fast right now and accelerating
great policy!
bizarre. i wonder who is organizing and funding these.
true
worth reading the book 1493
rt : giga texas production now uses fsd unsupervised to deliver cars from end of line to the outbound logistics lot. over 50,000…
rt : calling u.s. factory workers 'cobblers' is insulting. president trump is focused on bringing back high tech, high paying…
rt : spacex offers up to $25k to security researchers who can hack starlink.
rt : 𝕏 is the front page of the world.
rt : starlink connects you to the world with a clear view of the sky. this means access to information, healthcare, online classe…
starlink now in somalia!
rt : no outages with powerwall
bureaucracy undermines democracy
exactly
rt : 40m views 👀 winning ⚡️
rt : follow-up on defend the spend: since the system was launched, over $700m in daily payments have been subject to payment justific…
rt : while dems scream, elon is rewriting humanity's future while democrats freak out, elon is casually slashing $1t from fede…
rt : contract update! yesterday, agencies terminated 102 wasteful contracts with a ceiling value of ~$215m and savings of ~$100m, inc…
rt : falcon 9 lifts off from florida, adding 21 satellites to the constellation and completing our 400th overall mission w…
rt : steak 'n shake had tesla giving demo drives at one of their restaurants today.
rt : xai has released a cookbook for api developers! "a collection of pragmatic, real-world examples guiding you from basic t…
rt : piers morgan: they can't crush elon on policy, so they try to crush him with violence. “elon musk has sacrificed his busin…
rt : elon musk and donald trump at the ufc.
rt : love this image sooo much
cool
at the fight in miami!
rt : falcon 9 transits the 100% full moon during tonight’s 8:53:30pm et launch of 21 starlink satellites from florida 🚀🌕 ht…
rt : it’s corrupt: found that 6,300 aliens admitted with criminal or terror ties went on to receive a ssn and benefit…
rt : i don’t know about you guys, but this is how i have my coffee in the morning ☕️
rt : mission success: nrol-192 launched today at 8:25 a.m. edt on a falcon 9 rocket from vandenberg space force base.…
rt : nearly 9 out of 10 times a black person is murdered in america, the killer is also black. that’s not a “white suprema…
rt : democrats love doge bill clinton fired 377,000 federal workers and everyone loved it “tonight at midnight, america pu…
rt : falcon 9’s first stage has landed on the of course i still love you droneship
rt : liftoff!
rt : elon musk is just trying to do good things. -doge is saving tax dollars. -neuralink is finding cures for paralysis &amp; blindne…
important
rt : 🤦‍♂️
rt : doge: the nih has been funnelling millions to an ngo, the center for innovative public health research, which sends text message…
rt : trump is going off about the k*lling of white farmers in south africa. wonder why the media won't cover this? https:…
rt : 🚨🇺🇸stephen miller: biden admin trafficked 500,000 children into the u.s. “if you put a child in a truck and cross state l…
exactly
the pronoun bs is finally going away. that was silly.
rt : 🔥🔥
rt : elon: the more people produce useful things, the better off the country will be “as government spending is made more effi…
true
when the scams run for long enough with no one paying attention, they literally send zero dollars to the kids. zero. many times, i have asked for pictures of the funding recipients. sometimes, they can’t even come up with a single picture.
indeed
some progress
rt : you will not see this plane accident chart on tv because it doesn't fit the narrative
rt : the exciting news about glp-1 drugs just doesn't stop rolling in. they may halt the progression of many life-changing…
rt : ksenia karelina just landed back home in america—the 45th u.s. citizen freed by president donald j. trump in just 9 weeks.…
rt : political incentives shape attitudes
congratulations tesla texas!
just ensuring common sense deals for the taxpayer
rt : from dc to the border, there are very good people at cpb who pointed this tragedy out to us. they were following orders…
rt :
rt : elon musk: "what's better than saying trust me is just full transparency. that's what we are doing with the doge." http…
rt : doge: the trump administration is revoking parole for 6,300 immigrants flagged either on the fbi’s terrorist screening center wa…
rt : “a lot of people said that rocket reusability was a dumb idea. we've shown that, in fact, it is absolutely the right idea.…
they just want to cheat
rt : must watch: dad obliterates after they fed his daughter lies about him, alienated her, and undermined hi…
rt : "i'm excited to announce that we anticipate savings in fy26 from reduction of waste and fraud by $150 billion. some of i…
yes
rt : this is insane 🤯 starlink was used to livestream video from fast moving helicopters to give full course coverage of an off-ro…
rt : unreal. democrats in colorado are pushing through a radical transgender bill that would allow courts to take children awa…
congratulations! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
rt : wow. dni tulsi gabbard confirms voting machines can be hacked: "we have evidence of how these electronic voting systems…
mostly counterproductive, not simply wasteful
rt : elon musk: as a system, starship is thousands of times more capable than saturn v. “starship is 2.5 times the thrust of a…
rt : more efficient. more affordable. long range cybertruck brings all-wheel stability and traction control plus a rear locking d…
true
rt : "ai needs to say the truth &amp; know the truth, even if the truth is unpopular” elon musk
rt : great partnership between
rt : xai has improved the ux of voice with respect to real time web search previously it used to use thinking wore like "let…
rt : elon: dems attracted and retained illegals by paying them through entitlements “most of the federal spending is entitleme…
rt : 🔥🔥
makes sense
rt : hillary clinton argues that the save act “threatens voting access” for “69 million women whose married names don’t match…
rt : “the woke mind virus is communism rebranded” elon musk
rt : grok 3 is now in cursor! it's fast and it's amazing!
now it is up to the us senate
rt : 🚨 elon musk: some of the waste &amp; fraud we found is just absurd, like people getting unemployment insurance who haven't been bo…
troubling
rt : breaking: pam bondi just confirmed that a massive tesla terrorist arrest is coming. “within the next 24 hours, you’re goi…
that’s a very big percentage
rt : 🚨 joe rogan: “the word retarded is back and it’s one of the great culture victories.”
rt : a new era launching in the kingdom of saudi arabia today 🇸🇦
rt : tesla has released 11 new beautiful 4k images of the new model y. click on a photo then long press to view in 4k. threa…
long range cybertruck now available
$69m 🤔
rt : i have never seen it expressed exactly like that, but i wholeheartedly endorse it: feedback beats planning. my plea at…
rt : true.
rt : grok-3-mini-fast really is chasing that efficient frontier. there are benchmarks and then there are results purely measured…
rt : it happened the conservative afd party is now the largest party in germany in latest poll. this is a political earthqua…
rt : “i just like working, making products people love and spending time with friends and family.” elon musk
rt : it's pretty cool that you can play and stream a real time video game, from an airplane.
rt : grok gets jokes
yup
starship will hopefully depart for mars at the end of next year with optimus explorer robots!
starlink airborne latency test
rt : breaking: el salvador has been upgraded to level 1 travel advisory, listing it as one of the safest tourism destinations o…
rt : nvidia ceo jensen on elon musk and “never been done before – xai did in 19 days what everyone else needs one year…
rt : "i am accumulating resources to help make life multiplanetary &amp; extend the light of consciousness to the stars." elon m…
starlink airborne streaming latency test
rt : elon musk "when you have a decline in religion and increase in secular nature of society, for most people they need some…
rt : 🚨🇨🇳 tesla china sales surge 177% in march—new model y fuels domestic dominance tesla china just posted a 78,828-unit marc…
cool
rt : doge just updated its website eclipsing $150 billion in savings 🔥🔥
rt : holy shlit. doge just revealed insane unemployment benefits fraud totaling $382m: - 24.5k people over 115 years old clai…
just the tip of the iceberg so far
the oldest living american is 114 years old, so it is safe to say that anyone 115 or older is collecting “unemployment” due to being dead. there was no sanity check for impossibly young or impossibly old people for unemployment insurance.
your tax dollars were going to pay fraudulent unemployment claims for fake people born in the future! this is so crazy that i had to read it several times before it sank in.
rt : thank you elon musk for an exciting future
rt : water pressure: it only took 29 years, but jerry seinfeld's complaint about government-mandated, low-flow showerheads was finall…
supergrok is free for students
🇺🇸🇺🇸
rt : grok being embedded with x during this tariff fiasco is such an insanely killer app. the amount of new info i'm learning is…
true
insane
wow
make showers great again!
rt : contract update! in the last two days, agencies terminated 108 wasteful contracts with a ceiling value of $205m and savings of $…
rt : elon musk: shallow empathy is caring about criminals. deep empathy is caring about the victims of the criminals. “the good…
hmm
rt : doge found that immigration officials gave asylum seekers work authorization documents just 5 months after they claimed…
terrible
rt : this is promising: the u.s. attorney for the greater los angeles area has announced a major investigation into fraud and co…
rt : doge: the nih has been quietly funding a nonprofit that sends direct messages to hundreds of minors’ cellphones, promoting conte…
rt : der aufwärtstrend für die afd in den umfragen verfestigt sich! es wird immer deutlicher: cdu/csu und spd können es nicht!…
rt : victor davis hanson: elon musk is a renaissance man, a da vinci of our age—and democrats hate that. “elon musk represents…
rt : “you’ve got to look at elon musk, at spacex, tesla, neuralink – the guy is our einstein. i'd like to be helpful to him a…
rt : former wsj reporter and her pearl project names who are actually paying for the attacks...
exactly
rt : literally mind blowing. speechless. 🤯
fafo time
rt : those who financed the attacks against tesla will go to prison
rt : exactly!
true
crazy
rt : 🚨🇺🇸tesla is the most vertically integrated, american-made car company unlike legacy auto giants that outsource everything…
rt : holy shlit: doge found that millions of illegals were given social security numbers over the last 4 years, with 1.3 milli…
rt : elon: doge is crucial to saving medicare and social security “the actions that we're taking [with doge] with the support…
rt : walter isaacson: those who don't want elon musk to control so many industries should learn to get stuff done too. “why is…
don’t panic
rt : thank you doge.
chuck, i’m starting to think you’re getting a piece of the action with the government fraud. but no, that couldn’t possibly be the reason, could it? 🤔 …
good question 🤔
rt : elon musk: "i'm just here trying to make government more efficient, eliminate waste and fraud and so far we are making good…
rt : even elon musk's employee is a goat. 🐐 this engineer chose to work at spacex over established companies like boeing and lockh…
welcome to 𝕏, the group chat of earth
rt : 🎯
rt : 🇺🇸 bondi brings the hammer: left-wing domestic terrorism against tesla finally faces justice ag bondi's decisive federal…
rt : opening day for the vegas loop encore tunnel, connecting the las vegas convention center to the encore resort. thanks…
government is the dmv at scale
rt : the starship is the largest flying object ever made, and it was able to be caught by chopsticks
exactly
wow
🇺🇸🇺🇸
rt : news: new tesla model ys are now autonomously driving themselves about 2 miles from the end of the production line at gi…
rt : falcon 9 landing confirmed, marking the 125th time a first stage booster has landed on the of course i still love you droneship…
please make a miniature pet wooly mammoth
rt : breaking: the supreme court sides with the trump administration on the alien enemies act. tonight’s decision is a landmar…
rt : breaking🚨🇺🇸 madison square garden entertainment has filed to leave delaware and redomesticate in nevada another day, an…
rt : under the previous administration, made dei 20% of foreign service officer performance, assessing diplomats by whether…
good points
rt : following the successful rapid response trailblazer mission in december, falcon 9 will launch the accelerated gps iii-7 mission…
yes
rt : 💯💯
rt : wow! marine le pen is swarmed by her supporters after giving a rousing speech at her anti-lawfare rally in paris today. i ha…
smart
you can upload an image or paste an image into and ask for an analysis
rt : 12/ europe in 1444:
rt : election integrity: the ssa must update its havv voter registration verification system to include the citizenship status of ssn…
rt :
stream resolution test
rt : 🚨🇺🇸exposed: anti-elon protests are staged &amp; paid—bussed-in, scripted, clocked-out the anti-elon, anti-doge, anti-trump pr…
he had to read the paper he was given to understand the sign he was holding 🤦‍♂️
rt : america vs the uk.
the problem is the puppetmasters, not the puppets, as the latter have no idea why they are even there
rt : alot of people are going to be talking about the anti- elon musk, doge and donald trump protests yesterday make sure t…
rt : this is mind-blowing. bernie sanders in 2015: open borders is a right-wing proposal. immigration can make americans poorer.…
that is the true test of which system is worse: it’s the side that built the wall to keep people from escaping
rt : we have so many departments, but the protests are solely against doge. why is that?
radical left policies lead to annihilation
rt : if the southport murders are anything to go by, more prison time will be served by those talking about this murder than by…
rt : 🇬🇧uk mum jailed over social media post denied release to see sick husband &amp; child lucy connolly, serving 31 months for po…
rt : full breakdown of elon musk at 'the league congress' hosted by italian deputy prime minister matteo salvini doge cutti…
rt : falcon 9 delivers 28 satellites to orbit from florida
rt : 🚨 elon musk: "you can tell which side is the good side and which side is the bad side by which side wishes to restrict freedom…
rt : elon musk: “mass immigration is insane and will lead to the destruction of any country that allows unfettered mass immigration…
rt : full remarks by elon musk at 'the league congress' hosted by italian deputy prime minister matteo salvini
rt : 🚨 elon musk: “you can tell which side is the good side and which side is the bad side by which side wishes to restrict f…
diamond black
rt : see the difference?
yes
rt : 🚨 exclusive 🚨 judge boasberg’s brother received a $20 million donation from the cofounder of facebook 5 months ago, 1.5…
rt : this is another reason why elon musk is relentlessly attacked by the media. 𝕏 is taking over the media landscape, making tradi…
rt : you can have many sexual orientations. but hundreds years from now, if archeologist find your pelvis bone, they will sa…
rt : 🇺🇸 doge volunteer: illegals voting and draining benefits—shocking data doge volunteer, : "you know, one p…
like clockwork
rt : 2021: mayorkas blames the first trump admin for the surge of illegals at the border; says they have a plan to fix it.…
they will be
rt : booster 14, will be the first super heavy in history to be reused! awesome static fire! 🔥not only that, fram2 was the firs…
rt : i love my new model y. hands down the best car i’ve ever owned. picked it up from the wrap shop yesterday. gonna take s…
rt : new: dr. oz drops bombshells on the massive waste, fraud, and abuse bleeding medicare and medicaid—exposing a system that’…
rt : the flew aboard dragon’s 17th human spaceflight mission – with 66 crewmembers now having flown aboard the spacecraf…
congrats dragon team!
rt : during their time in space, the orbited the earth ~55 times, passing over the poles about every 46 minutes
rt : splashdown of dragon and the confirmed – welcome back to earth , , , and !…
rt : doge is my favorite government program ever.
the actual number of non-citizens receiving us government benefits is much higher than 1.3m. that number is just what has been found so far.
welcome home!
rt : welcome home 👊👊👊👊
absolutely
dragon crew retuning from polar orbit
rt : deorbit, draco style.
yeah, his logic makes no sense at all.
rt : 🇺🇸 thousands of non-citizens found on voter rolls valor ceo and doge volunteer, antonio gracias: “we found that there we…
rt : why your gaming obsession is actually genius surgeons who game are slicing faster with fewer mistakes. preschoolers are…
rt : the evolution of schumer
prometheus unbound
remember when you could get canceled for not using the right pronouns? that was dumb.
rt : the celestial chariot
rt : president trump on elon musk and : “i want elon to stay as long as possible”
i just facetimed the via !
free le pen!
rt : while orbiting earth every ~90 minutes at a 90° inclination, the opened the cupola to take in 360° views of space
rt : nearly four days after the launched to a polar orbit, dragon and the fram2 crew are set to return to earth on frida…
rt : views of spacex's two florida launch pads from space
rt : falcon 9 lifts off from pad 4e in california, delivering 27 satellites to the constellation. this single booster has…
where is roadster?
rt : truth 💣
rt : deployment of 27 satellites confirmed
actblue investigation
the left is the party of violence &amp; hate
rt : spacex’s vietnam win: starlink hub rollout spacex is landing big in vietnam with a starlink hub, starting with a danang g…
rt : tesla tops the 2025 uk charts— in driver satisfaction tesla just raced past the competition to become the uk’s highest-…
rt : flying over our launch site.
inspiring words by 😂
rt : a new batch of 5,000 starlink terminals is already in ukraine! connectivity that keeps the country online when the lig…
this is pure gold 😂 the 1996 model schumer is right!
first reflight of the starship super heavy rocket booster coming up soon!
rt : throughout their first two full days on-orbit, the crew took the first-ever x-ray in space, 130 years after the first x-ray was…
rt : something is seriously sick with many liberals right now. i was walking my dog in la and my neighbor, a college professor…
🇺🇸🇺🇸
rt : 🚨 jd vance on doge: "the work of doge is not even close to done. you look at all the fraudulent grants they have found. socia…
rt : isn't that aoz? i got rank 1 for solo,duo,trio and 4 men that season. i remember we did a rank 1 clear on 4 men with h…
true
rt : democrats would never use the hitler nazi hand gesture would they? i guess it only matters when elon musk does it… i…
rt : civilization is unraveling as the left and their allies in the courts deliberately enable the mass migration of crimina…
rt : 🇺🇸 doge slashes massive va website waste: $380k/month to just 10 hours/week the va was burning through $380,000 monthly f…
rt : timelapse from antarctica to the arctic.
rt : doge just confirmed what many suspected - there’s a tremendous amount of waste, fraud, and abuse in our government. inc…
rt :
rt : breaking 🇺🇸‼️🚨roblox files to leave delaware and reincorporate in nevada. who’s next ?
rt : wildflowers, winding trails and wide-open views—berryessa snow mountain national monument is a landscape that invites you to…
rt : 10.4 gwh of energy storage deployed in q1
fraud
rt : right before the election, the last administration signed a 15-year lease on a fancy dc building for usagm. the cost to ameri…
rt : 🚨 doge breaking: agencies cancelled 47 wasteful contracts today with $87.5m ceiling value and $30.2m in savings. more tax dol…
wow
rt : news: john deere has launched service in the us and brazil. john deere: "sales numbers are more than 2,000 u…
rt : people support what &amp; are doing. they are absolutely for rooting out the misuse of taxpayer dollars. what…
rt : starlink enabling high-speed connection from the waters of the caribbean 🛰️🏝️
rt : 🌎 the neuralink patient registry is now open globally! if you have quadriplegia and are interested in exploring groundbreak…
yeah, fake news
rt : wisconsin: soros-backed susan crawford outspend musk-backed brad schimel by almost 230% with 70% coming from out-of-state billio…
rt : “accuse your opponent of what you are doing to confuse and divide them.” - saul alinsky
rt : doge: how did the ceo of a private equity firm uncover millions of non-citizens with social security numbers in just days—while…
rt : over five million illegals have social security numbers, collecting benefits from programs they have no right to join, a…
rt : just in: democrats hakeem jeffries, chuck schumer, and the dnc have filed a lawsuit against president trump to stop his e…
rt : 🚨 valor ceo and doge volunteer antonio gracias says that they found 5 million+ non-citizens with social security numbe…
as i mentioned several years ago, it increasingly appears that humanity is a biological bootloader for digital superintelligence
cool
rt : extraterrestrials who seeded earth with human bootloaders for a new agi subspecies
we might have peaked in 2021 😂
tesla model y is in china
as i said a few years ago, the ai scaling constraint will move from chips to voltage transformers to electricity generation. that is worrying for us leadership in ai long-term.
rt : elon: ai will soon generate short movies “i think next year [in 2025], certainly by the end of next year, you'll be able…
rt : elon musk: "tesla is the only company with all the ingredients for making intelligent humanoid robots at scale. my prediction…
yup!
uh oh
the rate of improvement is indeed rapid. there will be a legion of optimus robots this year.
the first astronauts to orbit the poles
cool
wow
of course
accurate actuators accelerate automation
this is what happens if you take dayquil &amp; nyquil at the same time
the long con of the left is corruption of the judiciary
rt : 🚨 butch wilmore: “i can tell you that returning from space to earth through the atmosphere inside of a 3000 degree fireb…
amazing
this was the most important thing
rt : 🚨icymi: vietnam has cut all tariffs on american goods in response to trump’s reciprocal tariffs
yeah!
rt : 🚨 elon musk: "everything that doge does is an open book. we are the most transparent organization in government ever. i am und…
archangel-12
rt : had a great visit and meeting with to discuss his ideas and progress so far in making our government more effici…
rt : under the hood update: we’ve updated note ranking to further fortify against pile-ons or organic waves of ratings from…
rt : . urges wisconsin voters to vote to help stop far-left judges from blocking the maga agenda⬇️ “in…
only 2 hours left to vote in wisconsin!
rt : 🇺🇸 democrats in panic mode as elon’s doge revelations go public elon and his doge team are exposing what they call massiv…
am holding an election day discussion about the crucial battle in wisconsin today
true
wow
easy money in wisconsin for something you already believe in!
rt : we lost a pennsylvania state senate seat by 482 votes. i guarantee you that voters within that district wish they had ca…
yes
rt : this is the fourth flight for the dragon supporting this mission, having previously flown ’s crew-1 to the ,…
rt : can we get brad schimel trending on x? brad schimel. brad schimel. brad schimel. brad schimel. brad schimel. brad schim…
wow
evil people
now at 425 rocket landings
rt : tesla fsd is pure magic and transformed how i drive! all this mis-directed hate toward &amp; sadly obscures the…
very important to vote for superjudge brad schimel and voter id today in wisconsin!
wow
rt : starlink's high-speed internet is now available on arrakis! 🛰️🪐❤️
rt : breaking: fbi imposed “gag order” about hunter biden laptop after employee accidentally confirmed its authenticity to twi…
rt : the border was closed, they said. actually, we needed a “bipartisan” border bill, they said. we needed to address the…
unreal.
rt : joe biden sanctioned an invasion of the united states. we have approximately 20 million illegal aliens in this country. their…
for example, the government is paying for millions of media subscriptions and software licenses, sometimes of freeware, where we find literally zero to &lt;20% current use, but no one stopped the outgoing payments!
rt : elon musk loves humanity.
❤️🇺🇸
rt : the will conduct 22 science experiments while orbiting the poles, all designed to help human health on future long-…
rt : 🚨 reporter: ”you recently bought a tesla for the white house staff to use. now there’s all these domestic terrorists tar…
rt : musk shares 'mind blowing' chart showing millions of 'noncitizens' given social security numbers under biden
rt : in brazil they banned the main opposition from running for president. in romania they banned the main opposition from ru…
rt : jd vance called out the europeans at cpac for jailing their political opponents. today marine le-pen was sentenced to 4 y…
rt : maybe the real nazis are the ones painting swastikas everywhere. maybe the real racists are the ones who discriminate ba…
rt : piers morgan: they can't crush elon on policy, so they try to crush him with violence. “elon musk has sacrificed his busin…
rt : if you voted for donald trump in wisconsin, get out and vote for brad schimel tomorrow. the only we win is if maga shows up.
rt : doge just cleaned out the social security database and marked nearly 10 million people aged over 120 as deceased. why wo…
rt : the crew will become the first humans to view the earth’s polar regions from space, participate in a ham radio contest, and rec…
rt : senator ron johnson: “every one of the 1.7 million wisconsinites that voted for donald trump, you must come out and vote on tu…
rt : i took delivery of my new model y on thursday. today, i tried full self-driving (fsd) and it flawlessly drove a…
this is the first time humans have been in orbit around the poles of earth!
rt : the usual launch time for a new government website is 1-2 years, but we did it in 67 days and identified more than $40…
rt : maha: rfk jr announced he is doubling hhs layoffs from 10,000 to 20,000 consolidating 28 divisions to 15 and renaming the agency…
rt : social security numbers issued to non-citizens went from 270,000 in 2021 to 2.1 million in 2024. 5 million non-citizen…
rt : first launch of 28 v2 sats - that’s nearly 2.7 tbps of fronthaul capacity!
rt : fram2 is also the second mission to fly with dragon’s cupola. at nearly 4’ wide, the cupola is the largest continuous window in…
of course
rt : meet the
rt : your data is apples to oranges. the data you show for the 2016 to 2020 period is enumeration for all immigrants in all…
yup
🇺🇸🇺🇸
rt : this is what we mean by judicial tyranny. biden mass imported illegals from venezuela, including criminals, gave them welfare…
rt : named in honor of fram, the first exploration ship to complete voyages to the arctic and antarctica in the late 1800s, the …
rt : contract update! today, agencies cancelled 109 wasteful contracts with a ceiling value of $1.1b and savings of $420m, including…
any government institution is most likely to be the opposite of its name
they deleted a terabyte of financial data to cover their crimes, but they don’t understand technology, so we recovered it 🙄
progress
rt : 🚨 president trump on elon musk &amp; doge: "i think elon is amazing but i also think he got a big company to run, so at some poin…
rt : as of friday, $4.3b of covid era funds remained unused and mostly dormant. thanks to the work of and …
rt : there will never have been a transformation of a country like the transformation that is happening, for all to see, in…
rt : elon backs $20 payouts for political selfies in wisconsin "easiest money you ever made! you don’t even need to be from w…
doing a telerally for wisconsin in 45 mins!
rt : real ones know
rt : "i will die in america. i'm not going anywhere. i might go to mars but that will be part of america." 🇺🇸 一 elon musk
rt : news: elon musk's company, neuralink, aims to implant its new brain chip, blindsight, into a human patient for the first…
rt : elon musk to a protester interrupting his wisconsin town hall: “it was inevitable that at least a few soros operatives would be in…
rt : 🚨🇺🇸 trump says susan crawford is a disaster—wisconsin must vote for brad schimel "brad schimel’s opponent, susan crawford…
rt : 🚨new: elon musk on depopulation and the birth rate crisis "we haven't yet evolved to deal with depopulation. it's somet…
rt : 🚨elon musk: "ai is nurtured by it's creator. you have to ask what is the ai's north star? is it a corporate ai? is it tr…
rt : 🤡
rt : 🚨elon musk: "i want to state this as crisply and clearly as possible: doge will absolutely ensure that people get their…
rt : new: elon musk delivers huge updates this is an edit of elon musk's event in wisconsin. this edit saves viewers ~ 1 hour,…
rt : elon musk's wisconsin town hall q&amp;a + speech ✅ improved audio for easier listening ✅ silences removed to save you time…
rt : 🚨🇺🇸 wisconsin supreme court race will decide control of u.s. congress—and america’s future if democrats win wisconsin’s s…
rt : 🚨new: elon musk makes a heart hand gesture to thank an audience member who said he and his wife pray for him at night.…
rt : 🚨🇺🇸 elon on ghost payments &amp; dumb government: time to turn off the money faucet "it's worth pointing out, like, it's actu…
rt : 🚨🇺🇸 wisconsin town hall crowd gives elon standing ovation, shouts "thank you" during his wisconsin town hall, elon receiv…
rt : elon musk and antonio gracias reveal shocking chart of new non-citizen social security numbers issued. “this is a mind blowin…
rt : the energy &amp; excitement for ’s event is unreal! brad schimel has the momentum. let’s go!
rt : people were approached with quotes about immigration and were told that trump said them. they claimed it was “america…
rt : people love elon musk. despite the rain in wisconsin, a massive crowd has gathered to see him.
rt : kid rock endorsed brad schimel for wisconsin supreme court on stage. get out and vote!
rt : it's official: usaid is dead. this is a huge win — not just for america, but for all of western civilization. here’s wh…
rt : susan crawford has promised to gerrymander wisconsin like illinois and give democrats as many as three new seats in the house.…
rt : breaking: elon musk's town hall in green bay, wisconsin will begin in approximately one hour, at 6:30 pm ct. entrance is rest…
rt : scientists have created the first map of mitochondria throughout the entire brain
rt : starlink provides high-speed internet wherever your adventures take you 🛰️🏞️
rt : 'astroturf': critics speculate tesla protests are not a grassroots movement, but carefully organized campaign
rt : 🚨🇺🇸 investigation reveals massive democrat-linked protest machine behind tesla takedown after nationwide protests targeti…
rt : 🎯
rt : during these insane times, it’s vital for the community to embrace peace and love 🫶🏼 love tesla
rt : finally bought my first car today, new model 3 performance. absolutely blown away by how brilliant it is, just does every…
rt : 🚨amy klobuchar claims wisconsin voters are opposed to elon’s involvement in the supreme court race: "they're saying wi…
rt : here's my conversation with about russia-ukraine, israel-palestine, putin, zelenskyy, trump, netanyahu, ham…
rt : 🚨🇺🇸 why trump picked hegseth to clean up the pentagon critics often freak out over hegseth’s lack of traditional credenti…
rt : our biggest challenge will be to sustain this trend. success is measured as area under the curve.
rt : grok spots irony and humor better than many people. if i ask grok to explain a post i think is obviously a joke - grok…
rt : 🚨🇺🇸 schimel: supreme court decisions could alter wisconsin’s core issues brad schimel, a former wisconsin attorney genera…
rt : the left right now
rt : scripted: paid protesters at tesla takedown events are given scripts by the soros-backed organizers.
rt : marc andreessen on what makes elon impossible to compete with “i’m not aware of another ceo who operates the way he d…
rt : breaking: a madison-based wisconsin appeals court rejected ag kaul from blocking elon musk’s get out the vote efforts.…
rt : anti-trump protest @ city hall los angeles
rt : wisconsin, get out and vote!
rt : yes. this!!! don’t sit on your laurels guys. get out and vote. you have till end of day tuesday but the sooner the bett…
rt : leftist control of our schools has led to this. think about that when you see dems opposing school choice and fighting…
rt : the fram2 and spacex completed a full rehearsal of launch day activities ahead of liftoff on monday
rt : update: over $257,000,000,000.00! thank you doge!
rt : 🎯
rt : 🚨 🇺🇸 nyc continues to house migrants in taxpayer-funded hotels, new shelter opened the ongoing migrant crisis in new york…
rt : interestingly, the closest astronauts have ever come to flying in a true polar orbit (90 deg inclination) were the original…
rt : victory! we did it! we texted 71,000 western wisconsin voters courting their votes for brad schimel. a new campaign…
rt : susan crawford promised to gerrymander the democrats two additional seats. hakeem jeffries bragged about it. we hav…
rt : teams rolled falcon 9 and dragon out to the pad at 39a in florida ahead of the vehicles going vertical
rt : here are 5 ag-tions this week! 🇺🇸 repped our great farmers at cabinet meeting 🥚 wholesale egg prices drop 📈 reinstated nas…
rt : this wisconsin election has national implications. if the republican doesn’t win it will change the nati…
rt : wisconsin pay attention and vote this weekend.
rt : here's elon's brief one-on-one interview with fox news on doge, the attacks against tesla, president trump and ukraine. ti…
rt : 🚨gavin baker: "there was a guy who had been in the navy seals and had deployed to 80+ countries and i asked him 'what is…
rt : elon musk “there were over $300m of loans that’s been given out to people under the age of 11… the youngest reci…
rt : we're going for the throne. join us.
rt : alright, this elon prediction from master plan part deux in 2016 is about to be eerily accurate. this is wild people l…
rt : just grok it. i no longer use google search
rt : breaking: spacex is deploying starlink kits to aid communication in the affected regions in thailand and myanmar.
rt : just a reminder 🚨 now access grok through: •the 𝕏 app •its standalone app •the website grok .com •telegram
rt : 🎯🎯
rt : miga: irish teacher enoch burke was fired after refusing to use a student’s preferred pronouns. in response, the court seized hi…
rt : uk: britain is now openly codifying a two-tier justice system—where white men face the full weight of legal retribution, while m…
rt : contract update! over the last 3 days, agencies terminated 121 wasteful contracts with a ceiling value of $351m and savings of $…
rt : i cannot remember the last time i saw six police officers together in britain. but here they are, arresting two parents, in…
rt : senator john kennedy called the doge mission "the most important in the history of ever." he's correct. if we don't…
rt : breaking: elon musk will hold a town hall in green bay, wisconsin on sunday at 6:30pm ct. entrance is limited to those who hav…
rt : 🚨elon musk: "it's disadvantageous for me to be in the govt, not advantageous. if i wasn't in the govt, i could push for things…
rt : hey , according to my tweets, which historical character from the past do i resemble the most?
rt : fl-1 fl-6 wi go vote. please.
rt : elon musk: "i really haven't been involved in politics until recently, i really just wanted to build technology. but i came…
rt : breaking: federal appeals court lifts order blocking elon musk’s doge from making further cuts to usaid. “the three-judge panel r…
rt : elon musk: “america is the central column that holds up all of western civilization.. if that column fails, it’s all over.”…
rt : headline: doge is slashing medical research funding. reality: after you eliminate the bureaucratic and administrative ski…
rt : last night, elon musk and his team of super-geniuses spoke out. here's why what doge is doing is so important… subscrib…
rt : elon musk: “the democrats are trying to redraw the districts in wisconsin… to remove two house seats. that’s what this whole s…
rt : doge’s ambition is nothing short of inspiring: a $1 trillion deficit reduction and a 15% cut in federal spending withou…
rt : what we are witnessing in the district courts is a far-left judicial riot. a radical group of marxist judges is emboldening o…
rt : devastating to hear of the earthquake’s toll on thailand and myanmar. the spacex team is prepared to provide starlink kits to…
rt : starship joins falcon 9 and falcon heavy in launching future science, planetary, and exploration missions
rt : another $577,000,000.00 saved! thank you doge!
rt : xai ❤️ x
rt : plug it in. point at sky. starlink connects to high-speed internet quickly in two easy steps 🛰️🏡
rt : 🚨🔥”they don’t tolerate apostates” | vdh tears the democrat “oligarchy” narrative to absolute shreds: “they use this te…
rt : 🚨 : the dem ag of wisconsin says he is taking legal action to block elon musk from giving $1 million checks to two…
rt : elon musk and doge team's federal cost-cutting exclusive interview and more top headlines
rt : hey wisconsin - go vote for brad schimel brad schimel brad schimel schimel brad schimel brad schimel brad schimel brad schi…
rt : there are 27 different centers at with 27 different cios overseeing 700+ different it software systems — none of…
rt : vote brad schimel for the wisconsin supreme court so we don’t lose 2 republican house seats.
rt : breaking: grok remains the app on android. 🇺🇸 if you haven't downloaded it yet, get the grok standalone app now!
rt : a 30 minute highlight reel of government waste and fraud. perfect explainer of what really does - and what they’r…
rt : i can’t emphasize it enough. must watch for every american.
rt : bret's interview w/ the doge team was remarkable. i had no idea about some of the issues they described.
rt : tyler and the team work tirelessly every day (including weekends!) to save taxpayer dollars and help b…
rt : 🚨new: bill maher tells why he's having dinner with trump🚨 maher: "it was presented as ... maybe this is a b…
rt : icymi: 's full, must-watch interview with the team on their efforts to fulfill 's mission of mak…
rt : 😎
rt : the eu institutions want to convince european citizens that we are heading toward disaster—war, catastrophes, and pandemics. th…
rt : .: “there were over $300m of loans that’s been given out to people under the age of 11… the youngest…
rt : biden’s fiscal mismanagement drove the sba’s core 7(a) loan program to negative cash flow for the first time in over a decad…
rt : this happened to us! they opened a direct deposit account with citibank in utah with our ss!!! it was a nightm…
rt : 🚨 : one of elon musk's doge geniuses just revealed massive fraud at social security. he says 40% of the phone cal…
rt : an announcement. today, i am launching a national inquiry into the rape gang scandal. it will focus on three questions…
rt : ezra klein stuns jon stewart by detailing the failures of biden's 'build back better': ezra klein: "7.5 billion passed f…
rt : musk is fighting for taxpayers kevin mccarthy: "he's getting attacked—terrorist attacks against his companies—because h…
rt : it’s important that the american people understand how grave the situation is, and why you have some of the most talented peo…
rt : state funded media: admits, four years too late, that it covered up the biden laptop story helping to elect joe.
rt : epa admin lee zeldin believes biden’s epa was a slush fund epa administrator tells he “100%” believes t…
rt : new: cnn panel lectures america on military “accountability”… …and then melts down when scott jennings points out that no…
rt : doge staffer tyler hassen: “i was running five businesses in houston and i left that. i left great people to do this……
rt : whoah! the founder of airbnb is currently working with doge to digitize the federal retirement process, which currently t…
rt : we want to make sure all payments from are legitimate and authentic. we are going to root out the fraud an…
rt : steve davis of : “there are, in the federal government, around 4.6 million credit cards for around 2.3-2.4 million employ…
rt : you watch this interview and quickly realize that the ridiculous caricature that democrats and the media have spun up abo…
rt : the interview w/ and team airing now is absolutely brilliant. so informative. anyone - e…
rt : bret baier’s full interview with elon musk and :
rt : informative discussion with the doge team. i don’t know how any rational person can oppose what they’re trying to do. pu…
rt : activist judges are at war against our republic and the rule of law. i was sitting with texas leaders tonight at dinner, an…
rt : 🚨🇺🇸 don't miss: elon's thank-you talk for wisconsin voters elon is flying to wisconsin to deliver a personal message to t…
rt : this could by big ‼️ elon musk hints that the judges weaponizing lawfare could be linked to ngos financially benefittin…
rt : part 1: bret baier interview with elon musk and doge breakdown: - the goal is to reduce the federal deficit by $1 tril…
rt : steve davis of : “the minimum impulse bit is often $1 billion.. for example the $830 million, which was the online survey…
rt : 🚨elon musk: “we actually want to be careful in the cuts. we want to measure twice if not thrice and cut once. we may make mist…
rt : elon musk: “if a commercial company operated the way the federal government does, it’d immediately go bankrupt and offic…
rt : elon musk becomes deeply moved, and deadly serious, when bret baier asks him why he called sen. mark kelly a "traitor" f…
rt : if ninja swords were the problem, japan would have more stabbings than the uk. it’s not the ninja swords. it’s the nin…
rt : republicans need to seriously step up their game in wisconsin and vote in the wi supreme court election or the entire state…
rt : wisconsin, you must go vote. we will lose two house seats if this leftist judge who promised to sell seats wins. pre…
rt : democrats poured 10 million dollars into the race for the waltz seat. early voting has started for fl-6. i will spend…
rt : democrat voters wouldn’t exist if the mainstream media wasn’t allowed to use propaganda against americans restore the…
rt : elon musk's america pac is giving away a chance to win $1m for signing their petition in opposition to activist judges in wisc…
rt : many libs are whining about &amp; exposing their waste, fraud, and abuse, but none of them have accused him of…
rt : 6 million people work for ngo’s — many of them corrupt. and we’ve got at least 10 million illegal workers who need to go…
rt : 🇺🇸elon calls out legacy media after tesla attacks tesla dealerships and owners are being attacked—by activists driven by…
rt : love this concept
rt : andy lee is a chinese influencer, a committed nio fan and never fond of tesla to begin with. after trying out fsd yesterday,…
rt : 🚨in the wake of the doge subcommittee hearing yesterday, trump calls for the defunding of npr and pbs, "immediately."…
rt : today i asked ceo to explain her prolific, radically left-wing public commentary. she couldn’t even def…
rt : defund npr and pbs!
rt : spokesperson for the south african president confirms that president ramaphosa will not condemn the hateful "kill the boer…
rt : activist judge james boasberg has to be removed! cc:
rt : joe rogan agrees with elon musk, the only artificial intelligence that can be trusted is grok elon musk “grok is aspir…
rt : every smart democrat is now a republican.
rt : 🚨 just in: president trump calls for an “immediate investigation” as activist judge boasberg gets a fourth trump case trum…
rt : have i ever said anything bad about him?🤔🤷🏼 no matter how murky the present may seem, the future is very bright and i…
rt : lawfare? why does every democrat’s family seem to run an ngo? ashley biden’s ngo got $250k from harry and meghan—right as harry…
rt : breaking: grok app is now available to all android users in the us.
rt : breaking: elon musk’s america pac announces the first recipient of $1 million out of wisconsin for signing their petition in oppos…
rt : breaking: 𝕏 is now the news app on the appstore in singapore.
rt : overcoming bureaucracy will lead to prosperity
rt : 13 troops were kiiied in afghanistan and not a single biden official was fired
rt : “elon musk is going to be able to do in government what he did in tesla and spacex.” — walter isaacson
rt : barnstorming every corner of the state and momentum is strong! we must save wisconsin!
rt : breaking: elon musk's america pac is giving away a chance to win $1 million for signing their petition in opposition to activi…
rt : wisconsin, i’m asking you to please vote early: ✅brad schimel ✅brittany kinser ✅yes to voter id you can find you earl…
rt : deployment of 27 satellites confirmed
rt : president boasberg strikes again
rt : watch live: spacex launches 27 starlink satellites on falcon 9 rocket
rt : elon musk: "almost all the media is left shifted. if you talk to somebody who gets all their information from legacy media, th…
rt : . responds to 's ridiculous claim that the trump administration is seeking to 'kill' social…
rt : npr’s bias has shifted leftwards in recent years
rt : holy shlit is this jasmine crockett doing a nazi salute??? i’m sure the media will be all over this!
rt : look what biden’s team was spending your hard earned money on — unbelievable!🤦🏻‍♀️🍅👀 there will be no more american taxpay…
rt : took another day off to travel the state with brad schimel. there is too much at stake not to go all out!
rt : .: "for four long years, we had an administration that tried to abolish the very concept of womanhood and replac…
rt : 🚨 doge breaking: us department of labor canceled $577 million in grants for $237 million in savings, including: - $10m for "g…
rt : 100% of npr's 87 editorial board members are registered democrats with zero republicans, and your tax dollars are fundin…
rt : grok has replaced google search for me. just grok it.
rt : houthi terrorists have attacked u.s. navy warships *174 times* and commercial vessels *145 times* since 2023. democra…
rt : walter isaacson: elon will be able to do in government what he did with tesla and spacex “he pretty much owns spacex. if…
rt : you drive with eyes and a brain, not a suite of sensors our cars do the same
rt : grok it 🔥
rt : just grok it
rt : grok now available directly on
rt : 🚨🇩🇪afd surges to all-time high in polls after merz's debt u-turn germany’s afd party has hit a record 23.5% in polling, j…
rt : hit the doors today with my 16-year-old son ronan for in wi—his first time getting involved, and he absolutel…
rt : "it is bad enough that so many people believe things without any evidence. what is worse is that some people have no conc…
rt : good morning to all of my friends up in wisconsin.... i'm asking everyone to vote for brad schimel to be on the state supr…
rt : just a reminder: you can now access grok instantly by replying to any post. ask anything, anytime!
rt : evolution.
rt : next, democrats should utter these words: “i categorically condemn swatting &amp; call on those doing it to stop immediately”
rt : i’ll be introducing a bill next week to require this type of request for injunctive relief to go before a three-judge dis…
rt : i just gave grok an image of a cartesian plane with 2 functions and asked it to remove the linear function.
rt : adam carolla was right: 75 days after ca wildfires, four building permits have been issued in the palisades (video) rea…
rt : starlink mini is portable, connects in minutes and packs up quickly when it's time to move to your next destination 🛰️🛻
rt : the future is autonomous &amp; it starts in austin, this june thanks to austin city &amp; texas dot for hosting &amp; supporting our effort…
rt : dems who railed against domestic terrorism silent as trump floats 20-year jail sentence for tesla vandals
rt : another solid ad.
rt : president trump signs an executive order enabling the u.s. treasury to modernize its payments system, in order to reduce waste…
rt : 🚨new: trump signs the farthest reaching executive order taken in the history of the republic to cut down on voter fraud…
rt : reporter: would you be interested in defunding and taking away taxpayer dollars to npr and pbs? : "i would love…
rt : 🚨 : president trump just signed a huge executive order to secure our elections the order requires: ✅ cutting fed…
rt : unless you have paper ballots, it can never be an honest election.
rt : 80% of susan crawford's donors are from outside of wisconsin. they expect her to deliver them congressional seats. brad…
rt : "it would not have happened without president trump's intervention." explains how president trump played an integral ro…
rt : today would be a great day to vote early to save wisconsin and america.
rt : in 2015, barack obama praised tesla for creating american jobs. in 2025, democrats are setting fire to teslas and hoping t…
rt : these type of statements are acceptable in south africa towards white citizens:
rt : president trump is more popular now than when he won the popular vote and an electoral landslide in november.
rt : at one point, jeffrey goldberg was perhaps most famous for writing piece after fake-news piece in the new yorker about h…
rt : to dems hating on elon musk: please explain why sba gave $100,000 loan to a 9 month old baby! $100k to a 9-month-old, $2b to…
rt : news: tesla has staged a comeback in norway’s ev market with the launch of the new model y. with deliveries starting dom…
rt : president trump gets "an a+" on the border, says bill o’reilly. "he knocked out the open border in record time. 94% i…
rt : do you want your hard earned tax dollars to fund far left ideology and propaganda on pbs and npr? tune into my doge committ…
rt : watch: attorney general calls out the democratic representative's words against amid tesla protests on @…
rt : boom - ag bondi announces there is now a doj task force investigating and prosecuting anyone involved in fraud that doge unc…
rt : elon: here’s how i became very good at manufacturing “it's not as though i wanted to insource manufacturing, it's just th…
rt : new: ag pam bondi says rep. jasmine crockett could be censured by congress after calling for elon musk to be “taken down”…
rt : president trump and elon musk have both endorsed brad schimel for the wisconsin supreme court election. elon musk’s america p…
rt : elon: the education system is spreading bs propaganda “i think a lot of activists have gone into journalism, not to repor…
rt : 🚨 reminder: in nine days, the uk legal system will openly discriminate against white men and be lenient toward ethnic mi…
rt : tesla stock surges: something big is happening as investors &amp; patriots load up $tsla
rt : the family elon musk and little 𝕏.
rt : falcon 9 lifts off from pad 40 and returns to lz-1 in florida
rt : 🚨 🇺🇸 social security removes 7 million "immortals" from system in three weeks social security administration has purged o…
rt : if 70 people in palestine were beheaded, quite rightly, you’d have heard about it. if 70 people at pride were murdered,…
rt : never trust the lamestream media. trust the 𝕏 media.
rt : fight, fight, fight!!!
rt : the metropolitan police department is asking for the community’s assistance in identifying two suspects involved in defac…
rt : the starlink mini is one of the most important devices ever made. super compact, easy to sign up and it’ll connect you…
rt : my car actually drives itself. legit, of all the reasons to get a tesla this is the one. i am rarely in awe of technolo…
rt : we are not the same.
rt : president trump drops a major hint that he may already know who's funding the left-wing terrorists attacking tesla nation…
rt : starlink enables high-speed internet the moment you walk on board 🛰️✈️
rt : we need to move as if we have two years, not four, and as much of that as possible needs to happen between now and decemb…
rt : rfk jr. says elon musk &amp; doge are now inside the department of hhs, exposing &amp; eliminating massive fraud. "we've identif…
rt : dear democrats, please listen to aoc, bernie sanders, and elie mystal. please go further left. please keep claiming t…
should i bring a few spare engines … i mean, just in case.
sure
i liked your movie “hollywood dirt”!
there is the internal goal if things go right, which needs to be aggressive. obviously, some things will not go right internally &amp; there will be external issues too. that said, i think we can stack an orbital ship on an orbital booster in july.
when do the engines arrive? 😉
unfortunately, launch is called off for today, as an aircraft entered the “keep out zone”, which is unreasonably gigantic. there is simply no way that humanity can become a spacefaring civilization without major regulatory reform. the current regulatory system is broken.
sonic boom incoming
top safety pick+ from iihs! that’s the highest overall rating, but we think we can get max score for all subcategories/individual tests too. retesting in a month or so with improved software. the improved software will then be uploaded to all cars with fsd computers.
not bad
production release update coming this week, which includes raising max speed to 80 mph. sorry, 75 mph limit was done as precautionary measure. turned out to be unnecessary.
thanks for all the happy birthday wishes!
important to support
it is! looks like we can get 378 sec isp with this version of raptor vacuum, so over 380 sec with some improvements down the road.
cool
schedule driver there is regulatory approval. has to be certified for each aircraft type. focusing on 737 &amp; a320, as those serve most number of people, with development testing on gulfstream.
all 72 orbital planes activate in august, plus many other improvements, enabling global coverage, except for polar regions, which will take another 6 months
starlink simultaneously active users just exceeded the strategically important threshold of 69,420 last night!
sometimes people think it is performance, but safety is always the primary design requirement for a tesla
one of my favorites quotes from a great human
actually, a great many parts are produced by our suppliers, but tesla is more vertically integrated than other carmakers
bring back the zune!! it’s time.
starship super heavy
true
my shiba inu will be named floki
timing is everything
i’m driving “alpha” 9, but we need to fix some obvious issues before releasing beta 9, hopefully next week. fsd subscription capability should be turning on via the tesla app.
“it will be like this, but bigger”
for the bitcurious? very well then, let’s do it 😉
t is the new d
i think about that quite a lot
the comments in this thread are solid gold
lmfao omg
nothing wrong with healthy competition, but this seems a little over-the-top. would be cool if spacecraft could travel from one space station to another (which is much harder than it seems!).
basically, just a footnote
edgy
“that’s not funny!” – bitcoin maxis
we’re almost done with first prototype booster. this will go to test stand a. next one will fly to orbit. team has been crushing it many days &amp; nights in a row!
oh right … bitcoin haha
bicurious?
that is an exciting goal!
cool, but an unnecessary complication for now. these are being removed to speed up time to orbital launch.
at least a few years before starlink revenue is reasonably predictable. going public sooner than that would be very painful. will do my best to give long-term tesla shareholders preference.
shout out to the awesome tesla global team. thanks for working so hard to make tesla successful!
good chart. this is a major reason why we moved starlink from ~1100km orbit to ~550km. atmosphere automatically clears the lower altitude within a few years, so space junk cannot accumulate.
this is an important improvement
very sorry to hear that. condolences to jb and his family.
tesla financing round closed at 6pm dec 24th 2008 – last hour of last day possible or payroll would’ve bounced 2 days later. i gave tesla last of my remaining cash from paypal. didn’t even own a house or anything sellable.
looking at holding tesla ai day in about a month or so. will go over progress with tesla ai software &amp; hardware, both training &amp; inference. purpose is recruiting.
“physical-world” sigh
happy father’s day!
yeah
nice work
haha pretty much
this is epic. very impressive history.
true
peak acceleration is over 1.2 g’s, which is 20% faster than falling
haha
real pic of 2 ships next to starbase tiki bar on right
true
steam engines are even better!
i’ve been driving with the yoke for a while &amp; it’s great imo. progressive steering would require complex gearing or drive-by-wire without direct mechanical link. will aim for that in a few years.
congratulations, this is a great achievement!
we might use sn16 on a hypersonic flight test
fair enough
based on what data?
cool
manufacturing is so hard. i have the utmost respect for those who build things.
it is an honor to work with such talented engineers
let’s just skip original video games &amp; movies &amp; go straight to the sequel
massive increase in supercharger network is underway
i love carbs
pretty much an average day back then
nice
maybe we should advertise informationally just so people know stuff like this exists
most people have no idea just how good the tesla air purification system is. literally 10x better than any other car.
oh man, home hvac that is super energy efficient, quiet &amp; purifies the air would be great. we developed it for the car, but it can be scaled up for home use.
new hvac firmware coming soon that will make it quieter
true, we somewhat overcompensated on bluetooth antenna capability haha. will work on turning it down near your destination.
from the top of starbase high bay
stacking super heavy aft section
133t h4x0r got my phone. nuthin i could do. sorry babe.
cool
epic dog
k is kindred
could turn out to be one big philip k dick joke in the end
pluto takes 248 years to orbit the sun, but uranus only takes 84
the aliens would say “so long, and thanks for the orifice!”
decided to sell my last remaining house. just needs to go to a large family who will live there. it’s a special place.
after several successful launches, land overflight earlier in trajectory passes e-sub-c safety threshold. that said, starship will also launch from cape long-term.
so much more is needed for life to become multiplanetary
this is true
our soul dichotomy
this is inaccurate. tesla only sold ~10% of holdings to confirm btc could be liquidated easily without moving market. when there’s confirmation of reasonable (~50%) clean energy usage by miners with positive future trend, tesla will resume allowing bitcoin transactions.
the plaid carbon-wrapped motor is arguably the most advanced motor on earth outside of maybe a lab somewhere. we have to keep some secrets! we have a few ideas for increasing torque &amp; max rpm even further for new roadster. definitely fun &amp; exciting engineering ahead!
main advantage of this is a much stronger em field compared with a rotor that is held together by metal (usually high strength steel). other advantage is that rotor can go to higher rpm, as carbon sleeve (mostly) stops copper rotor from expanding due to radial acceleration.
fiber is wound over rotor at high tension load. machine to do this was made by tesla automation. carbon sleeve must put copper rotor in compression or it loosens at low temp due to differential thermal expansion. preload is also helpful for maintaining precise gap to stator.
true
deriving moments of inertia from first principles
esoteric meme of the day
physics should be taught with the majesty &amp; beauty it deserves
physics is simply the search for truth. nothing is more rigorous.
jay is awesome!
at last!
plaid release event
most amount of fun on 4 wheels! pure joy on tap whenever u want.
haha
i love the yoke!
tesla engineering is awesome!
people like it!
starlink missions will move to starship
useful mass to orbit is the primary figure of merit
exactly
now that i have made some improvements, i’m pretty sure it’s worth $69k haha
my primary home is literally a ~$50k house in boca chica / starbase that i rent from spacex. it’s kinda awesome though. only house i own is the events house in the bay area. if i sold it, the house would see less use, unless bought by a big family, which might happen some day.
yeah, sold my houses, except for 1 in bay area that’s rented out for events. working on sustainable energy for earth with tesla &amp; protecting future of consciousness by making life multiplanetary with spacex. also, ai risk mitigation with neuralink &amp; fixing traffic with boring.
exactly. only time i sell tesla stock is when my stock options are expiring &amp; i have no choice. btw, i will continue to pay income taxes in california proportionate to my time in state, which is &amp; will be significant.
not even a good fake anonymous “the article is behind a paywall, and it looks like anonymous’ hacking skills are not enough to get behind it “ 🤣🤣
tesla europe team is doing great!
just donated
well said, dave!
the long-term strength of tesla will be manufacturing technology
wow, thanks!
thanks lloyd!
a new space race has begun!
at the annual shareholder meeting! probably late july / early august.
0 to 60mph in under 2 secs. quickest production car ever made of any kind. has to be felt to be believed.
plaid+ is canceled. no need, as plaid is just so good.
model s goes to plaid speed this week
vic-20 with 8kb memory
some engineers i worked with went on to help create wow, but it was too addicting. couldn’t afford the time (sigh).
tbh, i was into pc &amp; still into pc
one more production release of pure vision this week, then fsd beta 9 a week or two later. v9.0 fsd is also pure vision. foundational improvements are immense.
maybe
i do like to cause a little mischief
he will perhaps have a baby soon
the operating costs of a tesla are also much lower than a gasoline cruiser!
i guess we read the instructions haha
don’t kill what you hate, save what you love
fair point. back to regularly scheduled programming.
haha awesome
goods &amp; services are the real economy, any form of money is simply the accounting thereof
i pretty much agree with vitalik
… is a helluva drug 🤣🤣
it is
already have one
make up sex is the best tho
great thread 🤣
nice
needs laser eyes too
thanks :) seriously, it was so insane! fud still happening a little, but doesn’t resonate when enough people have the product.
some quarks &amp; a lepton walk into a bar …
things get weird at the driver level
that’s where we get most of our lithium. also, whereas phone batteries make heavy use of cobalt in cathode, tesla uses primarily nickel, which is trickier, but has better energy density (range). iron cathode cells are now competitive for stationary packs &amp; mid range cars.
we went public for $3.40/share!
science-fiction should not be fiction forever!
might take a few kicks at the can before we catch the rocket haha
our biggest challenge is supply chain, especially microcontroller chips. never seen anything like it. fear of running out is causing every company to overorder – like the toilet paper shortage, but at epic scale. that said, it’s obv not a long-term issue.
found this pic of me as a child
sigh
when i visit japan later this year
baby shark crushes all! more views than humans.
sounds kinda fun
yeah, new model s &amp; x have ps5 level entertainment computing power
nice
agreed
making this work has been / still is super difficult, but it’s a revolution in car body design &amp; production – lighter, tighter, better nvh, higher precision, lower capex, lower unit cost
moving lumbar was removed only in front passenger seat of 3/y (obv not there in rear seats). logs showed almost no usage. not worth cost/mass for everyone when almost never used. prices increasing due to major supply chain price pressure industry-wide. raw materials especially.
pretty close. inner ring is closer to center 3, as all 12 gimbal together. boost back burn efficiency is greatly improved in this config.
ocean spaceport deimos is under construction for launch next year
actually, so-called “secondary” structure is the hard part – so many pipes &amp; wires. tall stuff &amp; small stuff are the toughest things about starship.
true
250m years is only ~6% increase in age of earth
raptor production is approaching one every 48 hours
29 raptors on booster initially, rising to 32 later this year, along with thrust increase per engine. aiming for &gt;7500 ton thrust long-term. t/w ~1.5.
great idea
dark helmet emotes plaid well
actually true haha
basically, our entire product roadmap is from spaceballs 🤣🤣
congrats boring company team!
model s plaid delivery pushed to june 10. needs one more week of tweak. this car feels like a spaceship. words cannot describe the limbic resonance.
exactly. atmospheric drag clearing out orbital debris is a major reason why we dropped altitude to ~550km.
i suspect that name made him strong
for the low, low price of … ?
ship 16 &amp; booster 2, starbase highbay
tesla sure would appreciate changing the law, so that this is not required!
exactly
potentially, 1000 times higher
pretty close. no tiles on back side of flaps. some tiles towards leeward side of ship trailing plasma spilling off rear of flaps.
cumulative payload to orbit is the really crazy number. falcon has delivered more than double rest of world combined over trailing 12 months.
if only they had spaceships, they’d still be around
deep thots
not sure who wrote this, but it’s accurate
aiming to have hot gas thrusters on booster for first orbital flight
they are now the same (lox below ch4). ox is 3.5 times heavier than fuel, so makes sense to have it lower.
pure vision autopilot is now rolling out in north america. there will be an update of this production release in 2 weeks, then fsd beta v9.0 (also pure vision) a week later. fsd subscription will be enabled around the same time.
exactly 🤣🤣
lot of plumbing!
please note dogecoin has no formal organization &amp; no one reports to me, so my ability to take action is limited
doge has dogs &amp; memes, whereas the others do not
someone suggested changing dogecoin fees based on phases of the moon, which is pretty awesome haha
if you’d like to help develop doge, please submit ideas on github &amp;
spoke with north american bitcoin miners. they committed to publish current &amp; planned renewable usage &amp; to ask miners ww to do so. potentially promising.
he fears the …
congrats!
becoming multiplanetary is one of the greatest filters. only now, 4.5 billion years after earth formed, is it possible. how long this window to reach mars remains open is uncertain. perhaps a long time, perhaps not. in case it is the latter, we should act now.
the hard part about raptor is simplifying it
the true battle is between fiat &amp; crypto. on balance, i support the latter.
any sufficiently advanced magic is indistinguishable from technology
welcome to the future. it’s gonna be great.
congrats!
this will actually be able to fly very briefly. i always laughed at flying cars &amp; now making one. fate 🖤 irony haha.
we can’t wait to build this crazy truck! it’s a total rethink of vehicle mechanical architecture &amp; production methods, so super hard project, but worthwhile in the end.
achieving truly decentralized finance – power to the people – is a noble &amp; important goal. layer count depends on projected bandwidth &amp; compute, both rising rapidly, which means single layer network can carry all human transactions in future imo. for now, lightning is needed.
ideally 0.1kwh, calculated as total energy used by system divided by max transaction rate
yes, with the spacex rocket thruster option package. it will be safe, but very intense. probably not wise for those with a medical condition – same as a hardcore roller coaster.
bitcoin hashing (aka mining) energy usage is starting to exceed that of medium-sized countries. almost impossible for small hashers to succeed without those massive economies of scale.
i agree that this *can* be done over time, but recent extreme energy usage growth could not possibly have been done so fast with renewables. this question is easily resolved if the top 10 hashing orgs just post audited numbers of renewable energy vs not.
yeah, i haven’t &amp; won’t sell any doge
a longtime tesla supporter gave me the doge dollar sticker at giga berlin
oh sorry, yes, roadster will have thrusters, not plaid. plaid is indeed close to the theoretical maximum of a roadworthy car without special devices.
it will have high pressure air rocket thrusters behind a license plate that flips down. bong, james bong …
good idea
sure
worth reading
currency is already digital! decentralized crypto is an attempt to wrest power of currency dilution (pernicious form of taxation) &amp; capital controls from governments. that said, i sure hope the cure is better than the disease! mars/ai are essential to passing the great filter/s.
that is my gaming laptop, which has never had a sticker until now
diess is right. hydrogen is a staggeringly dumb form of energy storage for cars. barely worth considering it for a rocket upper stage, which is its most compelling use.
how much is that doge in the window?
tesla model s plaid delivery event june 3 at our california factory fastest production car ever 0 to 60mph in under 2 secs
this is how i imagine most theaters are these days haha
congrats to on embracing an electric future!
production article will look different (better)
likewise. i have attention *surplus* disorder haha.
i would like to second that congratulations. outstanding accomplishment by china!
credit to our master of coin
ferragu is remarkably insightful
great progress so far! thank you for the support from brandenburg. i would also like to express appreciation for the permit authorities, as i know this is a large and complex project. when all the finishing touches are done, i hope it will be considered a jewel of brandenburg!
aiming for extreme precision with next gen model y – microns, not millimeters
giga berlin suppliers please accelerate!
i worked for peter nicholson, who is awesome. mostly, we exchanged math riddles, although i did figure out a multi-billion dollar arbitrage opportunity for the bank. figured they’d at least give me $1/hour raise, but no …
going through all aspects of next gen model y production system with team. lot of talented people at giga berlin. this place will rock!
to clarify speculation, tesla has not sold any bitcoin
indeed
hey cryptocurrency “experts”, ever heard of paypal? it’s possible … maybe … that i know than you realize about how money works.
bitcoin is actually highly centralized, with supermajority controlled by handful of big mining (aka hashing) companies. a single coal mine in xinjiang flooded, almost killing miners, and bitcoin hash rate dropped 35%. sound “decentralized” to you?
he should wear outfit for halloween, but with “bitcoin” tattooed high on thighs
saylor moon
obnoxious threads like this make me want to go all in on doge
coming soon. sorry for the delay!
for those bad at math 👆, 100x higher transaction volume with 100x lower fees means total fees earned stay same. low fees &amp; high volume are needed to become currency of earth.
my understanding is that the big accounts are exchanges. would be good to confirm though. am told the biggest one is robinhood.
only if doge can’t do it. big pain in the neck to create another one.
ideally, doge speeds up block time 10x, increases block size 10x &amp; drops fee 100x. then it wins hands down.
yes, hardware-in-the-loop testing of software is essential
we need to make sure ship won’t break up on reentry, hence deorbit over pacific
3/4 of the way around the earth
as always
locating ground stations at data centers will significantly improve latency &amp; jitter. data can go from user terminal to server without touching the internet.
working with doge devs to improve system transaction efficiency. potentially promising.
i have a lot of respect for anyone who ships useful product at scale. it is insanely hard work.
to be clear, i strongly believe in crypto, but it can’t drive a massive increase in fossil fuel use, especially coal
it is high time there was a carbon tax!
energy usage trend over past few months is insane
haha
subscription rolls out in about a month
i think we’re maybe a month or two away from wide beta. but these things are hard to predict accurately. the work we had to do for pure vision driving was needed for fsd, so much more progress has been made than it would seem.
end of year, along with fsd, provided we get regulatory approval. smart summon is just a subset of fsd.
we had to focus on removing radar &amp; confirming safety. that release goes out next week to us production. then a week or two to polish pure vision fsd &amp; v9 beta will release. difference between v8 &amp; v9 is gigantic.
do you want tesla to accept doge?
exactly
haha
absolutely
i love dieter
chad saves mars!
spacex launching satellite doge-1 to the moon next year – mission paid for in doge – 1st crypto in space – 1st meme in space to the mooooonnn!!
wario was my fav haha 👀
might still need a vpn in some countries
special link to view snl outside usa
it pretty much looks like this
great pic
cybertruck prototype in new york this weekend
until sunday
guest starring …
will use this as my wallpaper
that is how i feel about it
might try to refly sn15 soon
i’m looking for a shiba pup!
cryptocurrency is promising, but please invest with caution!
nice shot
make humanity a multiplanet species!
public support for life on mars is critical to making it happen
2024 is not out of the question for an uncrewed flight
haha true
exactly
haha awesome! see you soon.
thanks jim
true
only way to create rapidly &amp; fully reusable orbital rockets, the fundamental technology revolution needed to make life multiplanetary
starship landing nominal!
about to launch
i had a steampunk japan birthday party once
the movement!
which means ~1/10th of you is 13.8 billion years old
only limitation is high density of users in urban areas. most likely, all of the initial 500k will receive service. more of a challenge when we get into the several million user range.
rawlinson was never chief engineer. he arrived after model s prototype was made, left before things got tough &amp; was only ever responsible for body engineering, not powertrain, battery, software, production or design.
so great to see the happy faces!
a remarkable junction in history
one of many reasons why we need larger &amp; more advanced rockets!
haha
i love art deco
baby shark &amp; shark tank merge to form baby shark tank
irony man – defeats villains using the power of irony
definitely
throwing out some skit ideas for snl. what should i do?
woke james bond snl may 8
a major part of real-world ai has to be solved to make unsupervised, generalized full self-driving work, as the entire road system is designed for biological neural nets with optical imagers
exactly!
was using this in my car last night
fsd display v9.0 will show actual probability distribution of objects – true mind’s eye of the neural net. this is so cool!
i swear canada fsd beta will be as soon as humanly possible!
true. anyone paying attention to the rate of improvement will realize that tesla autopilot/fsd is already superhuman for highway driving &amp; swiftly getting there for city streets.
hopefully, later this year for several more states. insurance is different for almost every state in america &amp; regulatory approvals take time.
and hopefully eu this summer
probably a few months. there are many subtle differences between us &amp; canada driving.
gating factor is achieving &amp; proving higher safety with pure vision than with vision+radar. we are almost there. fsd beta v9.0 will blow your mind.
probably two weeks
good technical analysis
sorry 🤣🤣
🤣🤣 exactly
might be something there haha
cool! 🇮🇪
starship is literally more pointy because of that movie haha
0% so far
the dogefather snl may 8
did my heart love till now? forswear it, sight! for i ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
romeo + juliet, fish tank scene
testing header tanks. all good so far.
they have an important role to play in protecting the public from getting swindled, but are sometimes too close to wall st hedge funds imo. strange that they aren’t taking more action on some of the spacs.
fcc is fair &amp; sensible. nhtsa &amp; faa too. 99.9% of the time, i agree with regulators! on rare occasions, we disagree. this is almost always due to new technologies that past regulations didn’t anticipate.
other companies spend money on advertising &amp; manipulating public opinion, tesla focuses on the product. i trust the people.
i find it more helpful to read/follow individual journalists, rather than publications. any given publication is going to have wide range of views, albeit vast majority of stories about any subject are negative, perhaps reflecting innate human biases. citizen journalism ftw!
starship sn15 static fire completed, preparing for flight later this week
true 🤣🤣
can’t get it up (to orbit) lol
seems quite likely at least based on revenue in 2022 &amp; possibly total units in 2023
no, you do not. i have not sold any of my bitcoin. tesla sold 10% of its holdings essentially to prove liquidity of bitcoin as an alternative to holding cash on balance sheet.
yeah, roughly 200mw/km^2 using currently available solar panels. what’s really amazing is that you can store all energy needed to power a continent overnight with 1 square kilometer of stacked tesla megapacks!
an advantage i did have is that my father is a talented electrical &amp; mechanical engineer, so i was taught a lot engineering (without appreciating it at the time)
true. the opposite in fact – i provide financial support to my parents.
we just got approval to open a new supercharger station in malibu!
so awesome!
let’s find out just how live saturday night live really is 😈
am hosting snl on may 8
lies can be beautiful
define … beauty
what does the future hodl?
absolutely!
this is the essence of my philosophy
this is important
2 mins to launch
astronauts preparing to launch to
yeah
haha true
🌍🌎🌏 happy earth day 🌍🌎🌏
haha
i’m staying at a friend’s place in florida that is 85% powered by tesla solar roof + powerwall. when grid power goes down, air-conditioning automatically turns off in some of the house. computers &amp; lights don’t even flicker. owner says he doesn’t notice.
does seem a little weird
if tesla owners are “conspiracy theorists”, then it would be fair to call them “advertising salespeople masquerading as truthtellers”. if that’s an unfair criticism, a simple rebuttal would be to show their articles per fatality for all automakers. tesla is ~0.02% of deaths …
tesla solar + powerwall battery enables consumers to be their own utility
true
very important. most people don’t know this. wind is also super cheap, especially when paired with batteries.
newest units can probably do as much as 10kw continuous &amp; double that in peak power at 30c ambient temp. in house power vernacular, this translates to ~80lra (soft start of 3.5 ton hvac). two powerwalls would double this, three would triple, etc.
powerwall 2 peak &amp; steady power capability is better than advertised. now that we have lots of operational data, tesla can unlock higher capabilities for free via software update next month. depending on production date, power increase power may be &gt;50% at 30c ambient temp.
solar power will feed exclusively to powerwall. powerwall will interface only between utility meter &amp; house main breaker panel, enabling super simple install &amp; seamless whole house backup during utility dropouts.
starting next week, tesla solar panels &amp; solar roof will only be sold as an integrated product *with* tesla powerwall battery
did you buy a powerwall? utility permission is required for flowing electricity back to grid, but usually not if stored in our battery. this also enables 24/7 electricity security for your home. utility permission is still needed for when powerwall is full &amp; can stabilize grid.
sandy munro knows what he’s talking about
i could get a job, just not at an internet company (weren’t many back then)
haha true
new fsd rendering approach coming that better represents nn probability vector space
nhtsa is great
hell of a coincidence haha
exactly
awesome!
your research as a private individual is better than professionals ! data logs recovered so far show autopilot was not enabled &amp; this car did not purchase fsd. moreover, standard autopilot would require lane lines to turn on, which this street did not have.
support for humanity’s future in space is super appreciated. let’s make the sci-fi future we want real!
essentially, passive autopilot (car intervenes only when crash probability is high) cuts crashes in half. active autopilot (car is driving itself) cuts crashes in half again. doesn’t mean there are no crashes, but, on balance, autopilot is unequivocally safer.
tesla with autopilot engaged now approaching 10 times lower chance of accident than average vehicle
dragon spacecraft &amp; falcon 9 rocket
great progress by tesla team
if we make life multiplanetary, there may come a day when some plants &amp; animals die out on earth, but are still alive on mars
great review! neuralink is open to working with neuroscientists to advance the field. short-term goal is addressing brain &amp; spine problems. ultimate goal is symbiosis of human &amp; machine intelligence.
we are honored to be part of the team
🎸🎸 austin rocks!! 🎸 🎸
same with berlin
limited production of model y this year, high volume next year
i was just there, driving cybertruck around the site where it will be built!
make life multiplanetary!
yeah, should be fully mobile later this year, so you can move it anywhere or use it on an rv or truck in motion. we need a few more satellite launches to achieve compete coverage &amp; some key software upgrades.
this is accurate. service uptime, bandwidth &amp; latency are improving rapidly. probably out of beta this summer.
one of many reasons that we need to make life multiplanetary!
aiming to launch next week
certainly one of the largest. a company whose name rhymes with shmoogle is pretty far ahead. but i think we’re the leader in shallow-minded ai haha!
doge barking at the moon
doge barking at the moon – miro
while perhaps obvious in hindsight, it turns out that the only way to solve self-driving is to solve a big part of real-world ai. that is what tesla is doing, both in hardware &amp; software. unless a company is good at ai with tight compute, it’s hopeless. this is insanely hard.
soon it will be real
actually, yes. and red rocket truck stop.
stop … in the name of love!
i found some footage of the drive
insanely cute!
button timing of may is aspirational. depends on how well limited beta of v9.0 goes, but i would be surprised if wide beta (aka button) is later than june. fsd subscription next month is a sure thing.
hopefully addressed this summer
same timing
major improvements are being made to the vision stack every week. beta button hopefully next month. this is a “march of 9’s” trying to get probability of no injury above 99.999999% of miles for city driving. production autopilot is already above that for highway driving.
will investigate
probably late july
tesla ai/autopilot engineering is awesome! making excellent progress solving real-world ai.
69th raptor engine coming soon
maybe it’s about how you use it
getting there
that version of falcon 1 never flew, so must be ~2004. the cad looks so simple! i think we were still using solidworks back then.
yeah, not scalable. my grad student idea was to try to use advanced chip making equipment to create high energy density capacitors accurate to molecular level.
that was my night job. day job was working on ruthenium-tantalum ultracapacitors at pinnacle research.
true. ancient times … had to flip cpu registers explicitly, as computer was so slow.
absolutely
tesla is building up collision repair capability to help address the grief that you went through, but usually insurance companies make you go their “approved” collision repair partners. tesla insurance will make it smooth sailing.
for now. costs are decreasing rapidly.
love this beautiful shot
trust the shrub
the art in cyberpunk is incredible
if you don’t say anything &amp; engage autopilot, it will soon guess based on time of day, taking you home or to work or to what’s on your calendar
that rocket is a hardcore veteran of many missions
blimps rock
due to lower gravity, you can travel from surface of mars to surface of earth fairly easily with a single stage rocket. earth to mars is vastly harder.
good thread
pretty much
these things are best thought of as probabilities. there are 5 forward-facing cameras. it is highly likely that at least one of them will see multiple cars ahead.
sensors are a bitstream and cameras have several orders of magnitude more bits/sec than radar (or lidar). radar must meaningfully increase signal/noise of bitstream to be worth complexity of integrating it. as vision processing gets better, it just leaves radar far behind.
when radar and vision disagree, which one do you believe? vision has much more precision, so better to double down on vision than do sensor fusion.
just needs some legs
the starship launch tower that catches the giant rocket booster is basically mechazilla
but wait how is the core of the earth lit by the sun? stop asking questions!!
kong vs godzilla has record for most meth ever consumed in a writer’s room
… going to moon very soon
actually happened to me in cyberpunk haha
pretty much
where is shrek 5!?
good point. next major software rev will do much better with automating wipers, seat heating &amp; defrost. probable seat settings just based on occupant mass distribution should be possible.
turns out 🐒 love video games &amp; snacks just like us!
it’s all about the cufflinks
i feel like this sometimes
it will
remove
simulation is improving rendering resolution …
congrats to nio. that is a tough milestone.
almost ready with fsd beta v9.0. step change improvement is massive, especially for weird corner cases &amp; bad weather. pure vision, no radar.
thanks to all that helped spacex!
just read it. book is accurate.
yeah
pretty much
soon our monkey will be on twitch &amp; discord haha
good piece!
comes with wireless charging baseball cap
pretty much 🤣🤣 great episode!
a monkey is literally playing a video game telepathically using a brain chip!!
the device is implanted flush with skull &amp; charges wirelessly, so you look &amp; feel totally normal
absolutely doable. possibly as soon as neuralink device version 2, highly likely by version 3.
later versions will be able to shunt signals from neuralinks in brain to neuralinks in body motor/sensory neuron clusters, thus enabling, for example, paraplegics to walk again
first product will enable someone with paralysis to use a smartphone with their mind faster than someone using thumbs
hopefully, later this year
sure
monkey plays pong with his mind
looking at pups soon!
shock absorption is built into tower arms. since tower is ground side, it can use a lot more mass to arrest booster downward momentum.
load points just below the grid fins
just one skyscraper catching another nbd haha
thanks tesla suppliers for providing us with critical parts!
a tidal wave of vaccine is being produced!
probably j&amp;j, but biontech &amp; moderna are good too. some debate imo as to whether a second synthetic mrna shot is really needed, but the first is a no-brainer.
latter
to be clear, i do support vaccines in general &amp; covid vaccines specifically. the science is unequivocal. in very rare cases, there is an allergic reaction, but this is easily addressed with an epipen.
needs legs for moon &amp; mars
global payload to orbit is the key metric
nice
ideal scenario imo is catching starship in horizontal “glide” with no landing burn, although that is quite a challenge for the tower! next best is catching with tower, with emergency pad landing mode on skirt (no legs).
starship booster, largest flying object ever designed, will be caught out of sky by launch tower. big step forward, as reflight can be done in under an hour.
coming soon. crazy number of launches this year!
they will be recovered from the water &amp; reused
“tanks for the memery!” – panzer of the lake
what do you think of the unusually high ratio of s&amp;p market cap to gdp?
some kind of elo level, updated once or twice a year based on what someone actually got done, might be most effective. important that it go both up *and* down.
new &amp; improved version!
special mention of tesla china
great work by tesla team!
nice
the earth is not flat, it’s a hollow globe &amp; donkey king lives there!
those two really could have come in handy for the stuck ship!
last kingdom vs vikings
ascent phase, transition to horizontal &amp; control during free fall were good. a (relatively) small ch4 leak led to fire on engine 2 &amp; fried part of avionics, causing hard start attempting landing burn in ch4 turbopump. this is getting fixed 6 ways to sunday.
godzilla vs kong is so amaze much wow! most insane movie i’ve ever seen! love letter to conspiracy theorists! and yet heartwarming in the end.
the starships feast in valhalla!
one of the greatest things i’ve ever seen
haha falcon? nein!
i recommend propulsive landing, as that is extensible to planets, moons &amp; asteroids. wings &amp; runways are limited to earth.
for practical purposes, there is no limit. it will just get increasingly difficult to service.
this a good path, but i recommend aiming for full reusability
urgent need to build more housing in greater austin area!
austin++
no it doesn’t hurt at all 🩸
true
i fried a lot of neurons on that problem!
me in my sick new car (left him the money)
had no money to invest in zip2, but my founder equity yielded ~$15m after tax. of that, i rolled ~$10m into paypal, which yielded ~$180m, then … basic principle is that i would not ask investors to risk money on my company if i would not also do so.
major new supercharger station coming to santa monica soon! hoping to have 50’s diner &amp; 100 best movie clips playing too. thanks santa monica city!
spacex is going to put a literal dogecoin on the literal moon
nicheman — his superpower is appealing to small audiences
true
over 10,000 people are needed for giga texas just through 2022! - 5 mins from airport -15 mins from downtown - right on colorado river
can be a little foggy sometimes :)
barely a scratch. :) back on the stand soon! will report conclusions as soon as we know them.
starbase will grow by several thousand people over the next year or two
i sure hope so!
agreed! we’re not super far, as magic valley utility can give us almost all wind-power, which will be used for lox (78% of propellant mass)/n2/argon distillation. we’re also aiming to increase solar power from 1mw to 10mw, paired with tesla megapacks, for continuous power.
probably most “in space” you could possibly feel by being in a glass dome
am donating $20m to cameron county schools &amp; $10m to city of brownsville for downtown revitalization. details to follow next week.
bn1 is a manufacturing pathfinder, so will be scrapped. we learned a lot, but have already changed design to bn2. goal is to get bn2 with engines on orbital pad before end of april. it might even be orbit-capable if we are lucky.
please consider moving to starbase or greater brownsville/south padre area in texas &amp; encourage friends to do so! spacex’s hiring needs for engineers, technicians, builders &amp; essential support personnel of all kinds are growing rapidly.
more like v10.0
next major technology rev is at sn20. those ships will be orbit-capable with heat shield &amp; stage separation system. ascent success probability is high. however, sn20+ vehicles will probably need many flight attempts to survive mach 25 entry heating &amp; land intact.
sn15 rolls to launch pad in a few days. it has hundreds of design improvements across structures, avionics/software &amp; engine. hopefully, one of those improvements covers this problem. if not, then retrofit will add a few more days.
looks like engine 2 had issues on ascent &amp; didn’t reach operating chamber pressure during landing burn, but, in theory, it wasn’t needed. something significant happened shortly after landing burn start. should know what it was once we can examine the bits later today.
at least the crater is in the right place!
a high production rate solves many ills
demand is no problem, but near-term cell supply makes it hard to scale semi. this limitation will be less onerous next year.
tracking to a potential 8am liftoff
that would be great, or possibly via video with full access to telemetry
faa inspector unable to reach starbase in time for launch today. postponed to no earlier than tomorrow.
possible starship flight tomorrow afternoon
trying
who is 👌
nice
wholesome memes
we should be laughing our asses off if it’s so damn smart!
i wanna know when ai will be able to do standup comedy well!?
sounds about right
it’s not really possible to match the human brain in 2021 for any amount of money imo, but it will be possible probably in a few years
this is crazy. should use tesla megapacks for load-leveling the grid. more effective, more reliable and costs less.
haha actually true
check out our new crane
this appears to be widespread. i wonder who is doing it …
we are too cell-constrained right now, but probably ok next year
great video
standing down sn11 until probably monday. additional checkouts are needed. doing our best to land &amp; fully recover.
haha
heavy comes in more like a javelin. similar to falcon 9, but caught by the tower vs landing on legs.
i think there is a &gt;0% chance tesla could be the biggest company
solar has come a long way. now just needs lots of long-life batteries!
shame on you, onion. this is why people are switching to !
2/2 my father &amp; his extended family have been dependent on financial support from my brother &amp; me for over 20 years. this article is actually accurate:
1/2 this article is false. - i arrived by myself in canada in ‘89 with ~ca$2500 - paid my own way through college, ending with ~$100k student debt - started 1st company with no funding &amp; just one computer i built - there’s no evidence whatsoever of an “emerald mine”
there will be no handles
if there’s ever a scandal about me, *please* call it elongate
this comment thread is 🔥
don’t defy defi
mars rover looking back
fair point
you raise a good point haha
pay by bitcoin capability available outside us later this year
tesla is using only internal &amp; open source software &amp; operates bitcoin nodes directly. bitcoin paid to tesla will be retained as bitcoin, not converted to fiat currency.
you can now buy a tesla with bitcoin
and books haha
you can basically learn anything on youtube/reddit
spacex will be landing starships on mars well before 2030. the really hard threshold is making mars base alpha self-sustaining.
he was great on many levels
strongest argument against aliens
i once did a road trip across most of us with 2 adults &amp; 5 kids in a model s!
they are aiming too low. only rockets that are fully &amp; rapidly reusable will be competitive. everything else will seem like a cloth biplane in the age of jets.
the new plaid s is our best car ever. will be first production car to achieve 0-60mph in under 2 secs &amp; it has four doors &amp; seats up to 7 people.
spacex is developing rockets needed to make life multiplanetary — full &amp; rapid reusability at large scale. even if spacex fails in that goal, the rockets will still be most advanced on earth. starlink‘s purpose is to provide internet to the least served &amp; to pay for mars.
going well. lot of work for an extra 20 secs of isp!
true
i am accumulating resources to help make life multiplanetary &amp; extend the light of consciousness to the stars
when vast amounts of manufacturing are needed, as in robotaxis, this slows down rate of introduction, so maybe more like winner-takes-a-quarter. still great.
not trying to roast, just being as literal as possible
yeah, but i’m english
not quite how i would tell the story, but it’s probably worth a read
this is important
wow, hard to believe that was 17 years ago!
sigh
i actually ate the sandwich haha!
music in zero gravity
given significant architectural changes, including fundamental improvements to pure vision, there is limited value to testing 8.x. hoping to upload v9.0 &amp; button next month.
an orbital propellant depot optimized for cryogenic storage probably makes sense long-term
the [ahem] reach-around
we could talk about life, the universe and everything
coming soon!
as you can see, i have a long history with using tents!
what would you like to talk about?
floor is installed, elevator is operational, waiting on glass
the high bay is measured to fit!
we will need launch tower for that. hook height for the lift is ~140 m &amp; both booster &amp; ship need to be stabilized at stage separation joint.
yes, booster 1 is a production pathfinder, figuring out how to build &amp; transport 70 meter tall stage. booster 2 will fly.
first super heavy booster
sometimes it’s about doge
haha
the simulation really struggled to make this look real haha
aspirationally acerbic alliteration -&gt; bullshit baffles brains
that’s our goal
sn11 almost ready to fly
actually, doesn’t feel quite right selling this. will pass.
420m doge
i’m selling this song about nfts as an nft
spacex did 2x rest of world payload to orbit last year, probably 3x to 4x this year
i love music. it makes my heart sing.
this is good
play your favorite song in a tesla &amp; turn the volume to 11 you will see. you will feel.
we will support as best we can
fly my pretties, fly …
a puckish rogue
this is an opportunity for rh to outdo cb!
what has become absolutely clear is that the plethora of self-driving corner cases can only be solved with real-world optical intelligence. this is how humans designed the road system to work. once you have that in silicon form, everything else is just icing on the cake.
falcon flies for the 9th time tonight
it sees in all directions simultaneously
i’m getting a shiba inu
why are you so dogematic, they ask
origin of doge day afternoon: the ancient romans sacrificed a dogecoin at the beginning of the doge days to appease the rage of sirius, believing that the star was the cause of the hot, sultry weather.
doge day afternoon
woketopia. battle for the moral high ground in this new game!
🎶 this magic moment 🎶
for sure wise for elderly or immunocompromised to take the vaccine. some debate about the second jab though. quite a few negative reactions to that.
fsd beta has now been expanded to ~2000 owners &amp; we’ve also revoked beta where drivers did not pay sufficient attention to the road. no accidents to date. next significant release will be in april. going with pure vision — not even using radar. this is the way to real-world ai.
absolutely
both do mining &amp; use blocks &amp; chains
btc (bitcoin) is an anagram of tbc(the boring company) what a coincidence!
quarks &amp; leptons
green flame in this context means engine is burning internal components made of copper. this is usually followed by a rud (rapid unscheduled disassembly).
transparent aluminum (alon) might be cool
celebrating a year of great work by the spacex team!
like , but *with* self-driving haha
if 2021 manifest is met, spacex will do ~75% of total earth payload to orbit with falcon. a single starship is designed to do in a day what all rockets on earth currently do in a year. even so, ~1000 starships will take ~20 years to build a self-sustaining city on mars.
falcon 9 is almost always at max capacity. when it has “spare” performance, it flies back to land, which costs much less than using a droneship. our fundamental constraint is mass to orbit per unit time. last year, spacex launched roughly double payload mass of rest of world.
fuel cells should be called fool sells! such a silly choice for cars. not great even for a rocket upper stage imo, but at least not absurd.
i was just up there. elevator on the other side. floor is in, glass coming soon.
yeah, we talked about that internally. could just have it land on a big net or bouncy castle. lacks dignity, but would work. but, optimized landing propellant is only ~5% of dry mass, so it’s not a gamechanger.
might just catch the ship with the launch tower, same as booster
battery energy density is the key to electric aircraft. autonomy for aircraft could have been done a long time ago. modern airliners are very close to autonomous.
fair point. if autogenous pressurization had been used, ch4 bubbles would most likely have reverted to liquid. helium in header was used to prevent ullage collapse from slosh, which happened in prior flight. my fault for approving. sounded good at the time.
sn10 engine was low on thrust due (probably) to partial helium ingestion from fuel header tank. impact of 10m/s crushed legs &amp; part of skirt. multiple fixes in work for sn11.
we will ask the regulators
build 8.3 of fsd should be done qa testing by end of next week, so that’s roughly when download button should show up
assuming user approves warning &amp; agrees to drive carefully, it will download latest qa-tested fsd “beta” build as soon as car connects to wifi
delamain ai cabs should be able to drive themselves when you’re in them &amp; be electric by 2077
… it until you make it
not connecting tesla cars to starlink, as our terminal is much too big. this is for aircraft, ships, large trucks &amp; rvs.
starbase, texas
it’s all hot air in the end haha
still many fine details to address, but the final product will be fantastic. there’s nothing else even close.
haha true. yet, still, so much dignity is ascribed to horses!
carnot efficiency of the universe?
ultimately, yes
update probably in q2. cybertruck will be built at giga texas, so focus right now is on getting that beast built.
the $1400 is mostly good imo (ubi lite), as the people get to choose how the money is spent, but the rest is mostly net bad for the people as a whole (though it is obviously characterized otherwise).
should be very soon. many subtle differences between us &amp; canada roads, so harder than it seems.
the tesla fsd computer started shipping in volume in q2 2019. 2020 cars should all have fsd computers, whether or not ordered as an option.
availability varies by region due to regulatory approval delays and/or tesla internal development &amp; testing. note: word “beta” is used to reduce complacency in usage &amp; set expectations appropriately. all software is first tested internally by tesla simulation &amp; qa drive teams.
due to high levels of demand for fsd beta, adding “download beta” button to service section of car display in ~10 days
doge spelled backwards is egod
beta v8.3 has literally ~1000 improvements. will take time to qa internally before release probably in two or three weeks.
this was way past leg loads. they got squashed hard.
if you want the tesla full self-driving beta downloaded to your car, let us know. doubling beta program size now with 8.2 &amp; probably 10x size with 8.3. still be careful, but it’s getting mature.
starhopper is an old timer who has seen a lot of things!
was super fun tbh haha
or is this just fantasy?
sn10 is in valhalla now
cybervikings of mars
tesla ai, both hardware &amp; software, is deeply underestimated
tesla &amp; ford are the only american carmakers not to have gone bankrupt out of 1000’s of car startups. prototypes are easy, production is hard &amp; being cash flow positive is excruciating.
spacex team is doing great work! one day, the true measure of success will be that starship flights are commonplace.
rip sn10, honorable discharge
starship sn10 landed in one piece!
launch abort on slightly conservative high thrust limit. increasing thrust limit &amp; recycling propellant for another flight attempt today.
5 mins to starship test flight attempt
march 3rd
starship launch tomorrow. window opens at 9am.
yes, beta will be offered much more widely when version 9 is done, hopefully next month
fsd beta build v8.1 normally drives me around with no interventions. next version is a big step change beyond that. tesla is solving a major part of real-world ai. this is not widely known.
you’re welcome
good point
ok, let’s figure this out tomorrow. i’m all for exciting video coverage, but we also can’t have the place festooned with cameras.
first i’ve heard of this. we’ll fix the situation. i’m a fan of video!
indeed it was
sounds about right, but we want to be very careful with this transition period
there was still a surprisingly high usage of horses in 1940, but the trend was obvious
space
from thence to mars, and hence the stars.
an area much larger than boca chica
very much so &amp; its leader shall be the doge
creating the city of starbase, texas
cool
horses are even self-driving!
scammers &amp; crypto should get a room
2022: dogecoin is dumb
note, buying fsd will still be a better long-term deal than subscription
q2 for sure
green eggs &amp; spac
looks familiar haha. nonetheless, the right move. congrats to rocket lab.
doge meme shield (legendary item)
new drug coming out called regretamine. pop one &amp; all regrets are gone.
always wondered where exactly your gaming character keeps all the stuff
ahem …
do androids dream of electric cars?
nothing if not discreet
hey babe 😉
we will use a catapult &amp; air mattresses to land on the roof, then base jump off
nickel is our biggest concern for scaling lithium-ion cell production. that’s why we are shifting standard range cars to an iron cathode. plenty of iron (and lithium)!
absolutely
fremont shut down for two days (parts shortages) &amp; restarted yesterday
this is not about winning anyone over. we are production-limited. the reason we are making our own cells is to *supplement* max production of suppliers. even moving at full speed, they cannot build enough cells.
i hope they do! it would be awesome 🤣🤣
prices in the us (of all goods) don’t include vat, but it’s usually included in other countries. then there’s import duty &amp; transport costs. the intent is that revenue to tesla is roughly similar in all countries, so taxes, tariffs &amp; transport make up the difference.
3mm of full hard 301 or 304 stainless is bulletproof to a 9mm or .45
not a meta4, i mean actual books
both
i admit to judging books by their cover
starship to the moon
sounds like a good idea
out on launch pad, engine swap underway
probably mid year, but starlink is really meant for those who are least served. bay usually has great internet.
you might see much higher download speeds on starlink at times. testing system upgrades.
i love dogs &amp; memes
on the actual moon
literally
potentially
many steps forward, some steps back. yes, we do a lot of qa before releasing a beta version.
they will fly there from our launch site. stationed around the world.
seems likely
we’re upgrading all nns to surround video, using subnets on focal areas (vs equal compute on all uncropped pixels) &amp; many other things, so more time needed to write &amp; validate software. maybe something next week. this is evolving into solving a big part of physical world ai.
interesting
one of them may be in limited operation by end of year
one of the engines is suspect, so we’re swapping it out
short-term, ch4 delivered &amp; o2 produced. propellant is ~78% o2. long-term, sabatier reaction to convert co2 + h2o -&gt; ch4 + o2 using wind &amp; solar power.
just a surface detail
i hope we don’t go bankrupt building them!
excession
super cool
we have too much product complexity already
tunnels!!
hopefully, later this year
later this year
it is still available off menu, but i don’t think the range, in many drive conditions, yet meets the tesla standard of excellence
the tesla solar roof is slightly hydrophobic, so water, snow or ice slide off easily
final design is looking👌 was just in the studio
most of earth by end of year, all by next year, then it’s about densifying coverage. important to note that cellular will always have the advantage in dense urban areas. satellites are best for low to medium population density areas.
speed will double to ~300mb/s &amp; latency will drop to ~20ms later this year
of spaceflight
hypernominalization
good chance of flying this week!
should we?
why don’t we have these already!?
cryptocurrency explained
or did they say pegged to the dollar? something like that …
heard a rumor some crypto coin was pegging the dollar 🤣🤣
machine learning is so amaze!
just some used antminer l3+ rigs bought off ebay. not really economic, but it was a fun family project.
most people have no idea, even though there are so many fsd progress videos posted. munro understood right away. there will be a gap before the next release, but then it will be a step change better. tesla is solving a major real-world ai problem.
i just set up some little doge mining rigs with my kids. it was fun.
that said, btc &amp; eth do seem high lol
an email saying you have gold is not the same as having gold. you might as well have crypto. money is just data that allows us to avoid the inconvenience of barter. that data, like all data, is subject to latency &amp; error. the system will evolve to that which minimizes both.
i just want to start a flame in your heart
just for a day
congratulations!!
somehow, a hash text file using ancient crypto can be exchanged for real goods &amp; services!? amazing.
to be clear, i am *not* an investor, i am an engineer. i don’t even own any publicly traded stock besides tesla. however, when fiat currency has negative real interest, only a fool wouldn’t look elsewhere. bitcoin is almost as bs as fiat money. the key word is “almost”.
tesla’s action is not directly reflective of my opinion. having some bitcoin, which is simply a less dumb form of liquidity than cash, is adventurous enough for an s&amp;p500 company.
spacex in south texas &amp; tesla in central have been providing direct assistance where feasible (eg save cold turtles &amp; help power the water treatment plant). please let us know if we may be helpful in other ways.
. is not earning that r
you’re right
covered in snow &amp; ice, roads mostly closed &amp; no power in austin
there will definitely be a marscoin!
sounds like it is
yeah. active fairing half recovered though.
spacex boca team is helping save the turtles
disturbing concentration
absolutely
i will literally pay actual $ if they just void their accounts
temporarily lower, long-term raise
an acceptable percentage. doge is much more concentrated.
if major dogecoin holders sell most of their coins, it will get my full support. too much concentration is the only real issue imo.
success on landing probability is ~60% this time
. would you like join me for a conversation on clubhouse?
lil meme juice for the weekend
good analysis. we’re working on lowering min throttle of raptor, so that there is engine redundancy throughout the landing burn.
a know a thing or two about payments
i’m an alien
ray tracing on cyberpunk with hdr is next-level. have you tried it?
great interview!
doge is underestimated
congratulations tesla china for amazing execution last year. now on to the next for even more!!
happy new year of the ox!
frodo was the underdoge, all thought he would fail, himself most of all.
haha thanks :)
indeed! tweets definitely do not represent real-world time allocation.
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
just sent some
just agree to do clubhouse with
it’s getting real
bought some dogecoin for lil x, so he can be a toddler hodler
he definitely has issues, but the sentencing seems a bit high
thanks for fixing
please unlock my account
this is true power haha
any crypto wallet that won’t give you your private keys should be avoided at all costs
your app sucks
once we can predict cash flow reasonably well, starlink will ipo
starlink is a staggeringly difficult technical &amp; economic endeavor. however, if we don’t fail, the cost to end users will improve every year.
spacex needs to pass through a deep chasm of negative cash flow over the next year or so to make starlink financially viable. every new satellite constellation in history has gone bankrupt. we hope to be the first that does not.
lowest cost per ton of carbon sequestered, net of value of any product made. must be scalable to gigaton level. aiming for maximum usefulness.
it’s meant to be the same price in all countries. only difference should be taxes &amp; shipping.
this is intended for earth, but there may be some ideas that apply to mars too
xprize team will manage the $100m carbon capture prize
everyone at tesla receives stock. my comp is all stock/options, which i do not take off the table. that’s what you’re missing.
back to work i go …
does seem a bit high
doge appears to be inflationary, but is not meaningfully so (fixed # of coins per unit time), whereas btc is arguably deflationary to a fault. transaction speed of doge should ideally be a few orders of magnitude faster.
1. orbital launch tower that can stack 2. enough raptors for orbit booster 3. improve ship &amp; booster mass
back to work tonight!
the people have spoken …
so cute 💕
extremely misleading image, as doesn’t reflect true time cost to people or rain &amp; pain
🎶 who let the doge out 🎶
hodl the rainforests!!
so … it’s finally come to this …
it’s the most fun crypto!
its simplicity is its genius
true
not that easy. this is two decades of intense work. have to look at old notes, emails, texts.
lessons learned
of earth and mars
time to tell the story of tesla &amp; spacex
have you read ? it’s great!!
the second last kingdom
haven’t heard that name in years …
dogecake
yolt
that’s damian
yeah
sure
the great thing about restaurants is that you get to hang out with strangers! - sjm
the future currency of earth
just a scratch
much wow!
will still use hot gas maneuvering (rcs) thrusters, as ~5x more efficient than nitrogen (300 sec vs 60 sec isp)
higher isp too
intuitively, it would seem so, but turbopump-fed raptors have much higher thrust &amp; propellant mass fraction than pressure-fed gas thrusters &amp; they’re already there
yeah. by default, engine with least lever arm would shut down if all 3 are good.
yes, but engines have a min throttle point where there is flameout risk, so landing on 3 engines means high thrust/weight (further away from hover point), which is also risky
it was foolish of us not to start 3 engines &amp; immediately shut down 1, as 2 are needed to land
i am become meme, destroyer of shorts
might actually happen
sandstorm is a masterpiece
we were too dumb
next time, we try pull *up* method
no need to be a gigachad to own
dogecoin is the people’s crypto
ur welcome
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
doge
high seas &amp; wind
this was a tough one
off twitter for a while
happy we could be helpful! more available if needed.
mass of initial sn ships will be a little high &amp; isp a little low, but, over time, it will be ~150t to leo fully reusable
we have extra fda-approved ventilators. will ship to hospitals worldwide within tesla delivery regions. device &amp; shipping cost are free. only requirement is that the vents are needed immediately for patients, not stored in a warehouse. please me or know.
the legs extend &amp; telescope out, so are longer than they seem, but not as long as they will be for sn4+
one day we will
the s-curve appears to be entering the logarithmic phase
hopefully, starship will have enough flight history to substitute for dragon for nasa missions too
now on launch stand
seeing friends
hello from the inside
and many doctors are not treating patients, due to fear of giving or receiving c19
this sounds great
can you do a fast antibody test?
would be great to combine blood donations with a c19 antibody test, so you know if you’re immune. refill blood banks &amp; give donors peace of mind.
buzzfeed is a mind virus
also makes for a great shelter
we will give away all our ventilators, whether we buy them or build them
yes. just as with groceries, the panic is also causing hoarding of ventilators, preventing them from reaching the hospitals where they are needed.
biggest value tesla is providing is precise delivery of ventilators exactly to the icu where &amp; when they’re needed. there are many ventilators in warehouses, but stuck in logistics/routing/paperwork issues.
you’re most welcome. credit to the tesla team. will do our best to help in any way.
exactly. douglas adams knew what he was talking about.
. care to comment?
working on that with medtronic. given ny pressing needs, we’re delivering resmed, philips &amp; medtronic ventilators to ny hospitals starting tonight.
physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation
giga new york will reopen for ventilator production as soon as humanly possible. we will do anything in our power to help the citizens of new york.
something weird happened at cdc yesterday. they changed the graph to include “estimated illness onset date”. this is a significantly less rigorous standard.
c19 testing in the us over the past week has grown much faster than c19 positive cases. i think we may have passed the inflection point for us cases (excluding ny) already.
yes. is there more? should be a lot of data by now.
making good progress. we will do whatever is needed to help in these difficult times.
this meme proves it
it’s ducked!
true. , this is accurate. you believe in journalistic integrity, but if something isn’t done, this will continue.
have let know
this is messed up
both
could maybe tap the condensation for water too. seems odd that hvac systems make pure, fresh water &amp; just dump it on the ground.
thanks tesla china team, china customs authority &amp; lax customs for acting so swiftly
yup, china had an oversupply, so we bought 1255 fda-approved resmed, philips &amp; medtronic ventilators on friday night &amp; airshipped them to la. if you want a free ventilator installed, please let us know!
yeah, pretty much. house could talk to car &amp; know when you’re expected home, so temp &amp; humidity would be perfect just as you arrive. no wasted energy.
this is a way bigger deal than most people realize
sure would love to do home hvac that’s quiet &amp; efficient, with humidity control &amp; hepa filter
the heat pump and rear body castings are a step beyond
model y heat pump is some of the best engineering i’ve seen in a while. team did next-level work.
will do
most likely, imo, we will see a significant reduction in the confirmed c19 case growth rate this week. follow chart at bottom of this cdc page:
exactly
according to the italian govt, only 12% of deaths are actually due to c19. this is a significant policy difference in italy vs most other countries.
engineering ftw
much appreciated
have you seen more data on hcq &amp; z-pak? hard to find.
worrisome
we’ll try to get &amp; deliver as many as possible. n95 masks are a pain to wear btw. less onerous masks are better most of the time.
yeah. we have a mask shipment stuck at lax. hopefully freed up soon.
nice
this is great advice
thanks for taking delivery in your garage! let us know if there’s anything else you need.
we expect to have over ~1200 to distribute this week. getting them delivered, installed &amp; operating is the harder part.
supply chain logistics — getting masks &amp; other ppe to the right places in time — is the main issue we’re hearing from er physicians
you’re most welcome. we’re working on getting other types of ppe too. ventilators should arrive within a few days.
panic is always dumb
italy: “on re-evaluation by the national institute of health, only 12 per cent of death certificates have shown a direct causality from coronavirus.”
close contact family gatherings that mix young kids, who have almost no risk of c19 death, with grandparents who have high risk (especially those with prior lung damage), are one of the most powerful mortality vectors
we have n95 masks &amp; getting paprs. will have our team reach out.
just had a long engineering discussion with medtronic about state-of-the-art ventilators. very impressive team!
no problem :)
sigmoid (s-curve) is how all physical and mental viruses behave, regardless of containment. containment reduces asymptote of s-curve. at this point, we have strict containment in us/europe &amp; should expect similarly reduced asymptote to china.
sigmoidal for china, followed by sigmoidal for rest of world
fair point :)
exactly, both would be false positive. also, dying with c19 is different from dying because of c19. vast majority who died had other illnesses too.
up to 80% false positive
sure, although ventilator companies definitely know how to make ventilators. just a spike in demand right now. also, using cpap machines for less severe cases &amp; using one ventilator for several patients seem like good moves to meet short-term demand.
do you have data on the false positive rate? i’ve heard a wide range of numbers. cdc numbers are almost an order of magnitude lower between high fidelity data (onset date known) and “presumed positive”.
feels like the plot of deus ex
a single computer, pump &amp; pressure accumulator would be fine for many patients, but ideally individual valves per patient to personalize care &amp; avoid cross-flow risk
yeah, spacex is working on ventilators too
that won’t work for our auto parts suppliers, so, no, our us factory can’t stay open
yes, we’re working on ventilators, even though i think they probably won’t be needed
interesting thread
thanks 💖
china is operating normally across hundreds of suppliers &amp; all of tesla shanghai
we’re working on ventilators, even though i think there will not be a shortage by the time we can make enough to matter
anyone feeling even slightly ill should stay home. elderly should avoid close contact, even with family members, for now. those seem most important.
kids are essentially immune, but elderly with existing conditions are vulnerable. family gatherings with close contact between kids &amp; grandparents probably most risky.
based on current trends, probably close to zero new cases in us too by end of april
no new domestic corona cases in china
imo, this professor is correct. also, growth rate of confirmed c19 cases is dropping every day, despite 10x increase in testing. from tues to today, was 43%, 24%, 17%. track this chart:
sounds good, we will connect with your team to understand potential needs
true
exactly. my guess is that the panic will cause more harm than the virus, if that hasn’t happened already.
we will make ventilators if there is a shortage
some helpful data from italy
monitor graph at bottom of cdc website. new “confirmed” cases, not oft-reported “presumptive positive” is trending to level off over next few weeks &amp; be negligible by end of april. same pattern as china.
0% chance of anything close
how does this compare to favipiravir?
last launch aborted due to slightly high power. possibly, but not obviously, related to today. this vehicle has seen a lot of wear, so today isn’t a big surprise. life leader rockets are used only for internal missions. won’t risk non-spacex satellites.
yeah, most reflights ever!
yeah. there was also an early engine shutdown on ascent, but it didn’t affect orbit insertion. shows value of having 9 engines! thorough investigation needed before next mission.
because polygon doesn’t rhyme
yeah
awe tow co wrecked
abysmal autocorrect might be the reason people don’t fear ai
fear the memesphere
wild times …
exactly
seems to be happening a lot
very sensible. knows how to handle exponential functions in reality.
whether z-pak works in this situation or not, it’s a kickass med for many maladies
if jamis needs help, he has many friends, me among them
pretty close. design is evolving rapidly. would be great to flatten domes, embed engines &amp; add ~1.5 barrel sections of propellant for same total length. also, current legs are a bit too small.
hydroxychloroquine probably better
sounds sensible
that said, danger of panic still far exceeds danger of corona imo. if we over-allocate medical resources to corona, it will come at expense of treating other illnesses. track graph at bottom of this page:
this paper matches what i’m hearing from a lot of smart people
yeah. fate loves irony.
what’s worse is that i even told stanford to check me for the $^#* parasite &amp; they still couldn’t find it!
yeah
i was first misdiagnosed at stanford hospital with viral meningitis, then again misdiagnosed at sequoia. a visiting doc from san jose general saw my charts &amp; sent me to icu immediately. i was ~36 hours from being unrecoverable. so, i take expert advice with a grain of salt …
was also given a lot of doxycycline
maybe helpful
yes, i received chloroquine via central line through my chest &amp; both arms. had near fatal case of falciparum. would’ve died for sure if not for chloroquine. doesn’t mean it works for c19, but maybe better than nothing.
maybe worth considering chloroquine for c19
slight booster length increase to 70m, so 120m for whole system. liftoff mass ~5000 mt.
fear is the mind-killer
congratulations giga ny team!
some parts will use 304l, as it has higher toughness at cryo temps. will move to internally developed alloys probably end of year.
probably. raptor sounds different to merlin.
lot of raptors coming through! now operating both horizontal &amp; vertical firing stands in mcgregor.
sure
will discuss with team
once production has exceeded preorders
true
pretty much
coming soon
the permian-triassic was super bad
to be totally frank, i did an image search on my phone &amp; posted without looking closely
nice work!
yes, it’s in my twitter banner pic
we should be excited about the future &amp; striving to go beyond the horizon!
good one
that’s the goal! 😀
and so annoying
moral condemnation used not for morality, but as a weapon for manipulation is messed up
the people have spoken!
checking
mars is god of war &amp; memes are a form of war … and fun too! neither will be destroyed. ceres, moons of jupiter &amp; saturn prob come next.
to those who quietly help advance the causes we mutually believe in, knowing advancing the cause is the only reward: thank you
thank you for your kind words, brother
former
model y production for east coast too
scouting locations for cybertruck gigafactory. will be central usa.
with an epic sound system &amp; woofers the size of a car
definitely
haha true
yes, for now
ok fine, that was good haha
tesla should have a mega rave cave under the berlin gigafatory
lucent dossier in 2011 &amp; i think i saw in 2012 but didn’t realize who it was until later
busted 🤣🤣
was good maybe 5 or 6 years ago when you could wonder around &amp; find great unknown bands
too much corporate sponsorship killed the vibe
coachella should postpone itself until it stops sucking
ben &amp; jerry’s cookie dough is also next-level. can’t have that in the house. it’s too good!
choc milk is even better than people remember. it’s incredible.
congratulations tesla team on making our 1,000,000th car!!
market was bit high anyway, so due for a correction
static fire &amp; short flights with sn3, longer flights with sn4, but spooling up the whole starship/raptor production line is really what matters
sn2 (with thrust puck) passed cryo pressure &amp; engine thrust load tests late last night
he studied the blade
memes are powerful
ships with a lot of people &amp; limited medical facilities are a serious issue
yeah, that’s a great one
fatality rate also greatly overstated. because there are so few test kits, those who die with respiratory symptoms are tested for c19, but those with minor symptoms are usually not. prevalence of coronaviruses &amp; other colds in general population is very high!
virality of c19 is overstated due to conflating diagnosis date with contraction date &amp; over-extrapolating exponential growth, which is never what happens in reality. keep extrapolating &amp; virus will exceed mass of known universe!
thanks for taking us through this today. hopefully, such horrors will never again be repeated in reality.
yeah
accurate
envelope expanded
recent missed landing (at sea) was due to incorrect wind data. if this (land) landing fails, it will most likely be for a different reason.
rocket will land in highest winds ever at cape canaveral tonight. this is intentional envelope expansion.
final dragon version 1 mission tonight
the coronavirus panic is dumb
raising art to new heights
also, when tech is new, catalog engineering isn’t possible, as there is no catalog. has to be first principles.
we’re making progress. improved rules are going through the eu standards committees. hopefully better in a few months.
cool, we’re tracking to release more fsd features later this month
true. oddly, those who complained didn’t actually order fsd. perhaps they weren’t aware that the computer is upgraded for free if the fsd option is ordered even after delivery.
mad respect for the makers of things
no matter what, we need to pressurize the production system. rocket design is relatively easy, making one is hard, making many is extremely hard. manufacturing is underrated.
sleeving sn2 dome in the high bay
they have the best coin
dogs rock
track mode v2 is pretty cool. maybe too complicated to use though? lmk thoughts for improvement.
this is vital
just want say that i support as twitter ceo. he has a good ❤️.
definitely
we’re stripping sn2 to bare minimum to test the thrust puck to dome weld under pressure, first with water, then at cryo. hopefully, ready to test in a few days.
there’s a puck at the base that takes the engine thrust load. don’t shuck the puck!
where’s flextape when you need it!?
it’s fine, we’ll just buff it out
so … how was your night?
yes, dramatically improved imo
we need to finish work on autopilot core foundation code &amp; 3d labelling, then functionality will happen quickly. not long now.
i just sent a note to twitter to clarify that posting spacex videos is fine by us and we paid for rights to bowie song for the falcon heavy launch
it’s not that big really
testing raptor in vertical configuration (on the giant tripod) should allow us to simplify some aspects of the engine design
it’s not mine
definitely! what’s in that sky city thing!? needs a prequel even more than a sequel.
sure
posting spacex videos is definitely not copyright infringement!
hopefully, in march. checking …
i had no idea this existed. sounds awesome though!
full disclosure, i’m actually a 3000 year old vampire. it’s such a trial assuming all these false identities over the centuries!
we had the wrong settings! to make the welds super flat &amp; strong, we’re building a heavy duty, custom planisher, but just having the right settings is a major improvement.
sn2 tank integration starts this week with much less circumferential pucker. thanks fronius!
starship sn1 tank preparing for raptor attachment &amp; static fire
🤣🤣 some are good tho
and that’s why cones were invented
tinny
rococo is alive &amp; living in our hearts
i did
battle angel starship
teslas in a tunnel. happening in vegas rn.
on a wall in austin
getting there was super hard. very proud of tesla team!
model 3 achieves 350 mile actual range vs 310 epa sticker in consumer reports testing
yes, will also show real-time changes to max acceleration, braking, cornering, speed on gradient &amp; range, latter factoring in route elevation changes &amp; cargo or tow mass &amp; drag impact
it’s slightly better
definitely worth trying imo
btw, in some prior tweets i’d said production cybertruck would be ~80” wide (vs ~84” body width at unveil). this is slightly too small. will be closer to 82”, but come standard with upper laser blade lights.
active ride height &amp; active damping are game-changing for a truck or any car with a high max/min weight ratio
science has gone too far
f9 iteration slowed down as payloads became too important to risk. little change is expected going forward with f9/fh or dragon. starship production &amp; thus iterative improvement will be much faster than falcon. driving hard for fully reusable orbital flight this year!
it’s mostly to balance the ship during entry. after delivering satellites, the front is light &amp; back is heavy due to engines &amp; landing legs.
sorry, meant to say lox header tank in tip of nose. ch4 main tank is above lox main.
these problems are fundamentally intertwined. building many rockets allows for successive approximation. progress in any given technology is simply # of iterations * progress between iterations.
hardest problem by far is building the production system of something this big. 2nd hardest is achieving full &amp; rapid reuse with payload to orbit of ~2%.
probably
attach wheels to the landing legs &amp; tow starship to the launch pad
i rate it two bugblatter beasts of traal up!
high bay for stacking starship engine bay, propellant tanks &amp; fairing (fka nosecone) sections is almost done!
the whole nose tip has to have heat shielding for atmospheric entry at mach 25+ anyway, so is effectively already insulated well in orbit
there will be a common area in the forward section with a big window like this. it will be a lot heavier than steel, but not dangerous. consider astronauts on the moon with a very thin windowed helmet. they were fine.
o2 header tank is tip of nosecone, ch4 header is in the main ch4 tank
in the order that they were written
worth reading asimov’s foundation
sn 2+ will have better fit &amp; weld quality. later serial numbers will use bigger stampings, so much less weld length.
the persuader hammer will fix sn1
rocket nosecone production in texas
glad you’re all ok! ❤️
tim curry ftw
🔥🔥 makeup
unfortunately, i must agree that these are reasonable concerns
my conversations with gates have been underwhelming tbh
both
all orgs developing advanced ai should be regulated, including tesla
i have no control &amp; only very limited insight into openai. confidence in dario for safety is not high.
openai should be more open imo
initially, yes, but then will make sense to localize closer to customers. pretty much same plan as vehicles.
looking forward to international expansion later this year 😀
tesla is ramping up solar roof installation across the usa! training will be provided, so no prior experience needed. apply at
direct links aren’t needed to offer service. starlink will initially bounce signals off ground/ocean relays to get from 🛰 to 🛰.
🛰 albedo will drop significantly on almost every successive launch
haha
sorry, probably going to be a lot of rocket pics from 🤣🤣
x will also improve by a similar amount
depends on when car was built, as there are many small hardware improvements, so most will be somewhere in between 373 &amp; 390
regulations require calling it something else, so we added +
there’s a tough performance vs range tradeoff. plaid has absurd performance, while holding range roughly constant.
software just thinks the car is less efficient than it actually is
many small hardware improvements throughout the car that have been introduced gradually over past several months
all s/x cars made in recent months have actually been above stated epa range. will be unlocked soon for free via software update.
tesla model s estimated epa range is now above 390 miles or ~630 km
run a physics sim long enough &amp; you’ll get intelligence
thanks to all who caught the error 😊
a=f/m is the most fun
editing error. meant to say δt≥ℏ/(2δe). interesting that monochrome is roughly a millionth of a percent.
the resolution of reality
reminded me of the lady of shalott by waterhouse
haha
unnerving
might be used around flap joints
will take action
only the heart senses beauty
shielding is only needed for orbital speeds
unfortunately, starship unlikely to survive leo entry intact without shielding on windward side, but none required on leeward. even windward shielding is very light.
whoop whoop!!
thanks mom!!! ❤️
this does seem high
and some vitamin k too
ok u can have a little emerald 🤹🏻‍♂️
this is incorrect. no air suspension planned for 3/y. only s/x &amp; cybertruck have/will have air suspension.
the degree to which solarglass will positively effect the esthetics &amp; energy sustainability of neighborhoods throughout the world is not yet well appreciated. this is a very important product.
tesla april company talk will be from our giga new york factory, where we make solarglass &amp; several other products. will also offer customer &amp; media tours.
should preface this saying that feedback from early tesla solar roof owners has been v positive. it’s stunning vs a regular roof in person imo. photos don’t do it justice.
its integrated roof &amp; solar, so should be light enough for almost any home
coming hopefully later this year
i think will still be better than a normal roof, but adding a heating grid to automatically remove ice &amp; snow sounds like a good option. we have that already on car windows!
sounds should note that it gets less shiny automatically due to dust &amp; weathering. this pic is brand new.
sounds like we should open a tesla center there!
please let us know what improvements we can make to any aspect of tesla solarglass roof! critical feedback is much appreciated.
probably 6 months or so. 301 is certainly fine for orbit, but spacex 30x will be better.
midsection of starship propellant tanks
yes, but we want to focus on textured black first, then move into earth tones &amp; convolutions
your comment above: “who in their right mind would buy an ice after 2025 knowing its residual value will be zilch? legacy auto: go ev or go bust!” is super important for car buyers. residual values for gas/diesel cars will plummet in coming years.
haha
foundation by asimov
mars is to earth, as terminus was to trantor
europe &amp; china timing will be announced soon
many bay area installations are ongoing now
hard to believe that is high efficiency solar power seamlessly integrated into beautiful roof tiles. great work by solarglass engineering, giga ny factory &amp; tesla installation teams!
order at
first two domes in frame are for sn2, third is sn1 thrust dome
back in boca
including hypothesizing that this statement is wrong haha
true
it’s lame
my mom wrote a book ♥️
feeling cute, might delete later
once upon a time, we were all just hydrogen in a vacuum
impressive, if 💯 uncurated. there aren’t many errors. would be interesting to see how gpt would perform with same objective.
🔥🔥cropping
haha true
you’re welcome! was a fun recruiting event. great to see all the excitement about helping build starships.
unmodified water tower machines do not work well for orbital rockets, as mass efficiency is critical for the latter, but not the former. hopper, for example, was made of 12.5mm steel vs 4mm for sn1 orbital design. optimized skins will be &lt;2mm in places across a 9000mm diameter.
no, they’re sn1. sn2 to follow shortly. aiming to be a little better each time.
yes, we’re tuning weld parameters to reduce puckering &amp; building a heavy duty planisher to flatten &amp; cold work the weld area
that said, although substantial capital &amp; engineering is required to achieve extreme precision, marginal production cost of the primary structure should actually be *less* than a water tower, because it’s built inside a factory in volume.
this isn’t quite correct. an orbital rocket needs precision that’s 3x to 4x better than a water tower, so super precise parts, fixtures &amp; welding are needed. suborbital is much more forgiving.
spacex started with a mariachi band party. great vibes here in boca chica, texas!
true
late night tweets … sigh
we saw them a lot launching from kwajalein in the early days of spacex
new emoji! last one comes with free phone hack.
great shot
anything that doesn’t result in a smudgy image on lens cover glass. if you get a two part hydrophobic coating, probably better just to use first part.
it begins …
“the nutcracker” is tho
haha
what if there was an ai programmed to want to pick as many strawberries as possible, and so it cultivated nothing but strawberries on all of earth’s land? then it would be strawberry fields forever!
nice
fine, but that was an easy one
new fins
realiti made while u wait
making progress
all things in moderation, especially etymology
essentially all quotes can be ascribed to churchill
no matter how many times u get hangry, you always think ur anger is real — plato
guess he’s not left-handed
tiny robots with lasers
putting that on my linkedin for sure
8th hottest song on soundcloud!!
please send your resume to buildstarship.com if you’re coming to the starship career day in boca chica tomorrow
uh oh
have you tried a hydrophobic spray?
this is mainly for staffing up 4 production shifts for 24/7 operations, but engineers, supervisors &amp; support personnel are certainly needed too. a super hardcore work ethic, talent for building things, common sense &amp; trustworthiness are required, the rest we can train.
starship career day at the stargate building (boca chica blvd, tx) this thursday from 3pm to 9pm!
going max hardcore on design/production starship here in boca. it’s awesome! feels a bit like a mars simulator.
definitely!
first, we need to make it super safe &amp; easy to use, then determine greatest utility vs risk. from initially working to volume production &amp; implantation is a long road. as with vehicle safety, it will be much harder to pass our internal standards than minimum regulatory standards.
ok sure 😀 btw, we recruit great engineers from almost anywhere in the world, so this shouldn’t be thought of as usa only. also, work location can be bay area (preferred), but austin (many of our chip designers are there) or potentially any tesla gigafactory.
nothing medically dangerous, but 5g is getting a bit too greedy with their spectrum land grab
intuitively, that should be straightforward to address, but there could be complexities i’m unaware of
true, it has general applications beyond fast, high precision micro-electrode insertion that automatically avoids the vasculature
it will ultimately be used to make up for entire lost sections of the brain due to stroke/accident/congenital. don’t want to get too excited, but the potential is truly transformational for restoring brain &amp; motor functions. there is no other way to do it imo.
wait until you see the next version vs what was presented last year. it’s *awesome*.
probably this summer
yeah, it looks like a medieval torture device, but is nonetheless currently used in many human studies! not hard to be way better.
pytorch is the most frequently used external tool set/library
our nn is initially in python for rapid iteration, then converted to c++/c/raw metal driver code for speed (important!). also, tons of c++/c engineers needed for vehicle control &amp; entire rest of car. educational background is irrelevant, but all must pass hardcore coding test.
the profound impact of high bandwidth, high precision neural interfaces is underappreciated. neuralink may have this in a human as soon as this year. just needs to be unequivocally better than utah array, which is already in some humans &amp; has severe drawbacks.
sorry!
a phd is definitely not required. all that matters is a deep understanding of ai &amp; ability to implement nns in a way that is actually useful (latter point is what’s truly hard). don’t care if you even graduated high school.
not needed, but will be very useful on mars due to light speed latency
tesla will hold a super fun ai party/hackathon at my house with the tesla ai/autopilot team in about four weeks. invitations going out soon.
we are (obviously) also looking for world-class chip designers to join our team, based in both palo alto &amp; austin
dojo, our training supercomputer, will be able to process vast amounts of video training data &amp; efficiently run hypersparce arrays with a vast number of parameters, plenty of memory &amp; ultra-high bandwidth between cores. more on this later.
our custom 144 tops in-vehicle inference computer, where almost every top is useable &amp; optimized for nn, far exceeds anything else in volume production, giving you the hardware you need to run sophisticated nets
tesla will soon have over a million connected vehicles worldwide with sensors &amp; compute needed for full self-driving, which is orders of magnitude more than everyone else combined, giving you the best possible dataset to work with
“at tesla, using ai to solve self-driving isn’t just icing on the cake, it the cake” - join ai at tesla! it reports directly to me &amp; we meet/email/text almost every day. my actions, not just words, show how critically i view (benign) ai.
unfortunately, this is true. it doesn’t matter how skilled you are if you’re trapped in a giant bureaucracy.
desperate times call for desperate measures …
only 66 years from first controlled, powered flight to landing on the moon. now, half a century later, we are still unable to return. this must change.
haha true
the safest place to hide a dead body is the second page of google search results!
trolls/bots just need to be deemphasized relative to probable real people who aren’t being paid to push an agenda or scam. google still shows bs/scam pages, they’re just several clicks away.
this was a huge problem for search engines until google applied the citation relevance principle aka pagerank, among many other things
report as soon as you see it. troll/bot networks on twitter are a *dire* problem for adversely affecting public discourse &amp; ripping people off. just dropping their prominence as a function of probable gaming of the system would be a big improvement.
the crypto scam level on twitter is reaching new levels. this is not cool.
we should make buildings out of high-strength steel, not concrete (which needs steel in it anyway)
nice
don’t doubt ur vibe now on spotify
yes
yes
busted
asimov’s foundation books should def be part of the mission. they’re amazing.
kinda
int main(){}
good point
tesla semi
0 to 100 km/h in 1.9 sec
atatürk anıtkabir
the tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for puerto rico too. such a decision would be in the hands of the pr govt, puc, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of pr.
yup :)
part 2
yes
moon base alpha
zeroth law
yes
tesla semi truck unveil &amp; test ride tentatively scheduled for oct 26th in hawthorne. worth seeing this beast in person. it's unreal.
to be clear, a hyperloop passenger version wouldn't have intense light strobe effect (just for testing), nor uncomfortable acceleration
neuralink is not raising money
yes :)
openai + dota 2
umm ...
yes
model 3 interior
yes
except for complaining. that has remained constant throughout history at 100/100.
often comes as a surprise when people learn that 80% of my time is on engineering/design and just 20% on other stuff
yes
i told you it was verbose. better tomorrow :)
it is true, so fine by me
commercially procured launches means launches that were openly competed. spacex is not allowed to compete for many us and non-us launches.
just checked and yes
going over the small nuances of model 3 production. very important that nothing sounds tinny.
never heard of them
it was a tough negotiation, but they seemed like good guys. i hope they kept the stock. would be worth a lot today.
coming later today
across the road and below the ground
several tons of force on each fin at high angles of attack &amp; peak heating is the cube of speed, so a mach 8 reentry is 8x mach 4. intense.
calling this cueless would be generous. much less energy required for lithium-ion batteries &amp; gigafactory is powered by renewables anyway.
ujelly?
how'd you know?
yes
since big car companies were killing their ev programs, the only chance was to create an ev company, even tho it was almost certain to fail
sec disclosures, etc
read
probably closer to 2030 to 2040 imo. 2060 would be a linear extrapolation, but progress is exponential.
california cabernet
will have no choice but to depart councils in that case
yes
you are right. going at max speed. not much time left.
something cool for sure
yes
yes
yes
black glass smooth and textured will be first. tuscan and french slate in about six months.
busted
gary the snail is like speedy gonzales on meth ... or ambien. one of the two. either way, godot, our tunnel machine, is still a distant 2nd.
yes
yes
tesla will soon be offering a compelling means of upgrading a 60 to a 75
et tu, walt?
def p100d with ludicrous+, although the rocket starts going a lot faster after that
yes
yes
yes
yes
yup
thanks jj!
i didn't pose for it (hopefully that's obvious) or want me on cover. tunnel boring machine pic wd be way better
excellent tesla model x review
they were earlier drafts that i accidentally published. i said the same thing a week already.
yes
baby came back
yes
i love canada! i'm half canadian. my mom was born in regina. my grandfather (her dad) was american, born in minnesota.
nuances are important :)
walking down the street and saw this
yes
strategic &amp; policy forum
yup
yes
yes
exciting progress on the tunnel front. plan to start digging in a month or so.
yes
via
yes
some years away, but yes
yes
wow, thanks. we won't let you down.
hmmm
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
when you want your car to return, tap summon on your phone. it will eventually find you even if you are on the other side of the country
will post video of a tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. that was what took the extra couple of days.
tesla does 0-60 mph in 2.7 seconds in the rain via
umm...autobahn?
utter nonsense. empirical evidence is what matters, not random speculation.
yes
coal-mining ceo: 'tesla is a fraud' via
more kerbal!
yes
yes
yes
all cars
letter from basically every scientific org in the united states to congress about climate change
model y (compact suv) off model 3 chassis. tesla bus/minibus/spacebus off model x.
tesla master plan, part deux
yup
i am!
yes
lana
yes
tricky in 140 chars, but: 1b needed for min statistical sample size. more software mods and data may be needed beyond that.
why?
probably six months. will include hundreds of refinements to handle rare corner cases in autopilot.
story was fed to lat &amp; many other media to counter imf $5t/year fossil subsidy study. hey, both have a 5!
cute!
latest science predicts &gt; trillion alien civilizations. either they don't last long or there are a *lot* of aliens
yes
yes
yup
will do another ama just before reflight of the rocket in a few months
también te amo
yes
f9 leo payload on capabilities page (correct figure on main page) should be 22,800 kg
yes
yes
yes
thanks on behalf of an amazing team at spacex!
yes
yes
yes
yes, but production awd will be a lot faster
hopefully 0.21
yes
we always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. loyalty begets loyalty.
matte black was surprisingly popular. probably makes sense to bring it to production.
def on the cards for the future
yes
tomorrow is part 1 of the model 3 unveil. part 2, which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
tesla charger map
hi :)
worth noting that all gasoline cars are heavily subsidized via oil company tax credits &amp; unpaid public health costs
yes
yes
ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. just not physically possible to return to launch site
stage 1 would reach low earth orbit if not hefting a second stage, but payload would be greatly reduced.
just reviewed mission params w spacex team. monte carlo runs show tmrw night has a 10% higher chance of a good landing. punting 24 hrs.
wow
um, thanks, i like your work too
all
given high local demand, a gigafactory in india would probably make sense in the long term.
v7.1
am def 6'2"
dragon 2 is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. am glad to see people thinking about applications!
with same options, model x is $5k more than an s due to greater size &amp; body complexity. sig series is fully loaded, hence high price.
yes
tesla snakebot autocharger prototype. does seem kinda wrong :)
yes
hi julie!
while i like the initials, i'd take the so-called "em drive" with a grain o salt per article
hold down firing of dragon 2 spacecraft at cape canaveral
wow!
some people seem to think i tweet to affect share price. this is false. a brief rise in $tsla stock obviously does no good for tesla or me.
unfortunately, asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. f9 fins only work for 4 mins. we were ~10% off.
just did crazy japanese game show called 逆転の法則. i have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
noodles in shinjuku
wikception
falcon 9 flight 11 to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
the next dragon mission to the space station will carry our first live mammals: 40 mousetronauts!
~40%
yes
80% to 30%
merry christmas!
model s can seat 5 adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. might work for you.
model s owner drives 3121 miles solo from canada to mexico
restart was good, apogee raised to 80k km (50k miles). yes!!!
sensible piece on status of climate change by
rocket flight to 744m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
no near term plans to ipo . only possible in very long term when mars colonial transporter is flying regularly.
intense effort underway at tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for model s
hyperloop alpha at and
love this image of dragon docked to the space station as it orbits through dark side of earth
sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
norway rocks!
improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. not sales constrained.
tesla raises model s resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
thanks! hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
yes
when a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
yep
using über to order a tesla model s with and
interesting premise. i will read it.
a beautiful and awe-inspiring view of earth from the international space station
maybe already under control, but tesla &amp; spacex are happy to help with the 787 lithium ion batteries.
amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though i didn't actually say that.
the first owner to drive coast to coast in a model s is about to complete the journey !
about to go through my first jury selection process. trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. hardcore.
deeply appreciate 's faith in . we will do whatever it takes to make nasa and the american people proud.
model s starts at $50k after federal rebate. gen3 will be ~$30k. need to optimize design and scale volume.
moonbow's are real, btw. i'm not on acid :) here is what we saw:
spaceship has departed from the international space station. firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
just fired our superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! needed to carry astronauts on dragon
t minus five minutes to flame
tesla model x video
btw, foster the people is playing the model x event tonight. seemed like the right vibe.
rough cut simulation of the spacex next gen rocket & spaceship design
i feel compelled to state the obvious fact that coachella is excellent.
spacex has boeing, lockheed, europe (ariane) and russia (proton/soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. end game is all about china.
it was xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. they don't usually get much.
everything to the moon!
le petit prince
☾ 🔭𖨆♡
big reckoning coming due to low birth rate. japan is a leading indicator.
great concept
💯🤣 but we are deleting this bs. i only learned about it now! will be gone by tomorrow.
twitter will be updating its recommendation algorithm based on user suggestions every 24 to 48 hours
most important, twitter is never boring!
twitter open source spaces discussion happening now!
sbf is co-commander of the human side. that’s how you can tell it’s fake.
twitter recommendation source code now available to all on github
the ai carousel spins ever faster
most of the recommendation algorithm will be made open source today. the rest will follow. acid test is that independent third parties should be able to determine, with reasonable accuracy, what will probably be shown to users. no doubt, many embarrassing issues will be
it will matter if we extend consciousness to the stars
just borrowed my friend’s jacket wdyt?
trying to figure out if it’s possible
nice
it’s not boring, that’s for sure!
who is being captain obvious here, but kudos nonetheless
al capone
please make this outfit real
really that good?
that was a good add
works (almost) every time
yeah
with extreme difficulty
he has issues
it is (sigh)
absolutely
very concerning
the most powerful mental tool
i feel fine
algorithm goes open source at noon pacific time
if you don’t like reality, just ignore it
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
i agree
you will be able to see it on the tweet details page
important to establish whether someone actually belongs to an organization or not so as to avoid impersonation
best plane ever
we fixed it fast
7 days a week
let’s see if they do anything about it
if not, it should be
interesting
forward this video to friends &amp; family to understand just how evil the government has been
this is evil
this is beyond insane!!
crazy
a classic
it was a coordinated sychological operation
exactly , they are the disinformation 🤣🤣
this is a very funny thread
it was an inside job
not anymore …
this simple algorithm that i came up with to help me make fewer dumb mistakes in the future is incredibly powerful
this is cool
yeah
exactly
cool
the people of ireland will vote for freedom 🇮🇪
seems fishy
demolition man predicted the future on so many fronts!
it wasn’t just any old video, it was the biggest interview on earth and was published by rogan’s youtube channel, which obviously has extremely high credibility
this will be real in the fairly near future and with completely natural movement
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
try it 😂
the economist is not what it used to be
they suck
absolutely. it’s really pointless even to attack harris. she’s just puppet du jour and biden is puppet d’hier.
i was discussing consciousness &amp; video games with barron
they will despise her
who owns you? pc gamer used to be great, but turned into unreadable crap for several years.
many great scenes from that movie. my favorite is that toilet paper is banned in the future, but the computers monitor your speech and print out a penalty ticket every time you use “bad” language, so sly intentionally curses and then wipes his butt with the tickets 🤣🤣
i was telling that i just watched demolition man again and how well it predicted the crazy woke future 30 years ago!
this is cool
🇺🇸hope you had a great thanksgiving!🇺🇸
never heard of this guy, but there is no “shadowbanning” anymore
posting articles is the way
cool
yeah, this will just create right and left echo chambers
i’m in
true 😬
that should be doable
ai gaming is the future
disaster, unless fixed
kasparov is a twit
nice work by the optimus team
legacy media reaction time is so slow 😂
technically, not wrong 😑
it will start to decline soon
it was inevitable. the legacy media wants to keep their chokehold on the public.
optimus will be like having your own personal c-3po &amp; rd-d2
true
anything
legacy media lies
let’s give optimus a hand for catching ball!
you are so much more than the media now
optimus
🇺🇸🇺🇸 happy thanksgiving! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
please let us know feedback about how to improve grok
cool
how much is hasbro?
congrats
sounds like a karen convention 🤣🤣
well, the public has made their view clear … 😂
how many more need to die?
we restored the gun emoji and believe in the constitution 🔫🔫
respect the farmers!
exactly
yeah
i wonder what this will be like in a decade
thanks pat, indeed great work by the team
messed up
majorly
sigh
thanks gary!
yeah
yeah
“respect for the truth comes close to being the basis of all morality.” - dune
true
warmongers love warmongers
by their definition, most of america – aka you – are “far right” 😂
yeah
yeah, seems mean
vindman has committed treason and belongs behind bars
and next year, falcon is aiming for &gt;150 flights!
they also went full retard
simplifying the tax code will increase productivity, instead of incentivizing bizarre tax-avoidance behavior
congratulations to the team for completing 400 successful orbital flights of falcon and 375 landings!!
good
actually, early voting data favored a kamala victory until about a month before the election
the ride has turned
yeah
never go …
can they just make good games and skip the woke lecture?? wtf
another case of two tier justice
vindman is on the payroll of ukrainian oligarchs and has committed treason against the united states, for which he will pay the appropriate penalty
“credentials” 🤣🤣 it’s basically to the point where if the critics all love a movie, it is a contra-indicator! movie critics are like cramer for stocks.
seriously!!
super out of touch
cool
from the head of australian government-funded media, their pravda
this is messed up
cool
amazing. legacy media lies.
government overspending is what creates inflation. we need to make that link crystal clear to the american people!
what language?
indeed (sigh)
most effective is to send links to source material where people can hear what someone actually said, rather than the false representation of the legacy media
looks like the people want to abolish the annoying time changes!
germany is broken
too many game studios that are owned by massive corporations. is going to start an ai game studio to make games great again!
voter id is needed
cool
gonna happen 😂
yeah
they should be allowed to do so
i’m not aware of this happening
all of america rejected the nihilism of the democratic party
1.5 pillows is the right number
this is undemocratic. the eu parliament should vote directly on matters, not give up authority to the eu commission.
this is super messed up!
net of death rates, most light blue countries are below replacement rate and most of the dark blue countries are light blue
many car companies won’t make it
they used to be everywhere
a truth-teller will be running nih
with rare exception, all countries are trending towards population collapse
damn he went full retard 🤣🤣
the irs just said it wants $20b more money. do you think it’s budget should be:
it’s this time or never
leave them cows alone!
yeah
true
he should definitely do ! 😂
we really should
just another day in sf
america is going bankrupt fast
i always wondered about that
um, , this is illegal …
they don’t bother with mouse wrigglers, as no one is checking
he is confessing to illegal behavior. won’t end well for him.
true
so it has been for many years 😂
did you know that 30 tech founders were secretly debanked?
gift premium
just use a rocket engine. the limiting factor will be not killing the human with the jerk rate. wheels are optional.
a significant % of people don’t even know that there is such a thing as a national debt! those that do often don’t know how big it is or that our interest payments now exceed what we spend on our military. only a small % understand that government overspending causes inflation.
delete cfpb. there are too many duplicative regulatory agencies.
claw it back
funding the forever war
glp inhibitors are the only realistic solution imo. everything else is wishful thinking.
2/3 of korea will disappear every generation. population collapse.
franklin’s anons were awesome 😂
exactly
congratulations!
speech is such a low bit rate
they got programmed by legacy media propaganda
how did you make this?
this is not ok
great outcome!
yeah
cool
how the tides have turned
congratulations!
this is great
and now they all moved to the pedosky network!
interesting 🧐
yeah, that’s a bare minimum. there is widespread fraud and truly mind-boggling waste throughout the federal government!
haha, not quite 💯 rigged yet 😂
indeed!
congratulations!
congratulations, this is awesome 😎
yeah
something new
we … are … !!!!
even running it like the worst company in the s&amp;p500 would be an insanely huge improvement!
definitely not
this is so crazy!
exactly 🤨
only dnc-approved messaging is allowed on cbs 😂
future wars are all about drones &amp; hypersonic missiles. fighter jets piloted by humans will be destroyed very quickly.
not me. reddit is occasionally useful for speedrunning video games, but now i find this platform is more useful for that.
spacex is making good progress
this is why spacex was created
making life multiplanetary for the first time in 4.5 billion years is what humanity will accomplish this century
this is the way
if i start playing league, it will actually slow down the space program 💯😂
perfect logic to make election fraud unprovable!
how to gift 𝕏 premium
tough call 🤔
giant waste of money
not this time
you can now gift 𝕏 premium subscriptions
cue music from the movie
true
it will be asked
absolutely
great!
they should at least be required to get to positive gross margin with existing models before being given billions for future models
yes, crucial to the future of sk!
thanks!
to: all@.gov from: what did you get done this week?
correct
alec baldwin left earth 20+ years ago. he couldn’t find reality if you put a gun to his head. oh wait … 😳
subscribe to 𝕏 premium!
watch demolition man!
but also you can literally die if you go past market st
haha amazing
california rn
the goal of is to speedrun fixing the federal government. requires many anomalies in the matrix.
haha awesome! you’re a man of your word.
true
the first two behave like they’re the same party far too often
of course!
crazy
optimus is a very sophisticated robot. it will be immensely difficult to get the cost to $20k. not easy at all, but it will eventually happen. production volume needs to be above 1m/year for that. price will be driven by demand, but eventually even price will get to ~$20k.
and earth is microscopic compared to our sun. and we are microscopic compared to earth.
true
terrible
best value for money on the internet
pouring money into the problem just makes ngos richer and increases the number of drug zombies
she’s the worst
sounds exciting
very much so. please forward 𝕏 posts to friends &amp; family.
great
legacy media are dishonest in all aspects
terrible
lawfare
that’s a satire site
inflation makes asset prices go up, but not their value in real terms. when an asset is sold, taxes are paid on the difference between the new and old prices, even though value in real terms didn’t change. this affects anyone with assets. cash balances with low interest rates
there is widespread gender ideology poison being spread by many non-profits at the urging of some of their funders
such clowns 🤡🤡🤡
success in spite of the state government, not because of it
instead of healing the injured
it’s vhs
good points. obfuscation is indeed harder.
life seems to be rare
we shall see
funny that they don’t
listen to the end of the clip lmao
the tide has turned
max interesting timeline
legacy media is a sewage pipe of lies
judge dredd is coming to town
when comes to washington, dc
and coffee, of course
almost perfection. two eggs.
uh wut!?
your debt increase estimate of $12t seems high
i just want cogency
same curve for legacy media as a whole
i’m so shocked 🙄
this is helpful to understand
“conan, what is best in life?” ⚔️
tesla is the only one making cars in california, so this move hurts jobs in california
thanks for the feedback. will improve the non-english websites.
we don’t really have marketing at x, spacex or tesla
price of fentanyl will rise sharply
this will be highly effective
watching a walz podcast would be cruel &amp; unusual punishment
this explains his fury
a friend of mine had a meeting with senior officials at the sec and they hadn’t been in the building for so long that they couldn’t figure out how to turn on the lights!! so they were just sitting there in the dark with cell phone flashlights looking like demented burglars 🤣🤣
this is standard curriculum in the uk?
still fools smart people even today
legacy media lies
the legacy media is a click-maximizing machine, not a truth-maximizing machine!
great!
i asked grok 🔥🤣
very common mistake to believe that the legacy media only lies about areas that you understand well. no, they lie about everything. what are the odds that they’d only lie about stuff you specifically know about?
fortunately, 𝕏 believes in free speech
exactly
good guy
great thread
a. my parents are still alive. b. when i started my first company (zip2), i had over $100k in student debt, so negative net worth.
for video content creators, i recommend posting part of your content for free and then requiring a subscription to see the rest. this is the way.
well, please post the rebuttal. then, community notes will take care of the rest.
unfortunately, many of our elected officials do not appreciate this. they need to be fired next election cycle.
exactly. in a meeting with senior military officers today, they told me that it now takes longer to renovate stairs (24 months) in the pentagon than it took to build the whole pentagon (16 months) in the 1940s!!
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely
exactly
congratulations ag bailey! now we need this nationwide.
the legacy media is relentless in their propaganda
even though tesla is the only company who manufactures their evs in california! this is insane.
you are the media now
awesome
important
yeah, this needs to stop
the future will be wild
yeah
spacex is alien-level technology
24/7 fun on 𝕏!
congrats!
the legacy media forgot that honesty really is the best policy. now you are the media.
that’s because it’s working. you are the media now.
well done
i thought monks lived in abbeys and transcribed scrolls. they’ve come a long way!
the excellent work of senator ernst &amp; like-minded legislators has been very helpful
wow, you have a grandson! that’s cool.
cool!
yeah
kills the magic
some us weapons systems are good, albeit overpriced, but please, in the name of all that is holy, let us stop the worst military value for money in history that is the f-35 program!
they give a trigger warning for “goodfellas”! seriously … 🤦‍♂️
some other things too
popularity of grows!
very interesting charts. word frequency is a great way to understand origins &amp; growth of mind viruses. same core epidemiology as biological or computer viruses. some combination of deliberate or accidental creation, combined with natural &amp; artificial growth factors.
tom homan is the judge dredd we need
we either fix the woke mind virus infection in education or it will never be fixed
exactly
yeah
the middle name of lil x is a-12, after the archangel program that resulted in the world’s fastest aircraft
absolutely
this is why spacex hasn’t developed weapons systems
they just push propaganda
is inevitable
everyone is descended from both slaves and slave-owners. it was an extremely common practice from the dawn of civilization.
what do you think an emp would do to fly by wire fighters? game over for them too.
the f-35 design was broken at the requirements level, because it was required to be too many things to too many people. this made it an expensive &amp; complex jack of all trades, master of none. success was never in the set of possible outcomes. and manned fighter jets are
the truth is so refreshing 😀
great week in so many ways!
true
nice
yeah, whatever lmao. you are the media now. and legacy media know it.
yeah
but i think it’s actually going to work
terrifying tbh
perhaps that is inner you
the community note will probably stabilize and be visible to all shortly
🇦🇺🇦🇺australia votes for freedom!🇦🇺 🇦🇺
this is psychotic
yeah
yeah
epic 😂
yeah
i still can’t believe is real 🤣🤣
that’s what i keep thinking 😂
ai will be incredible
i rewatched office space tonight for the 5th time to prepare for !
yeah
support the farmers!
they were going to destroy the constitution
very satisfying tbh 😂
i mean it
yeah (sigh)
yeah, it’s not cool
fortunately, there is a cure for toxoplasmosis
not too far wrong on timeline
refers to this meme
yeah, par for the course for many years with tesla ai 😂
very interesting to learn the details. one day, will greatly enhance human i/o bandwidth.
sooner
cool
important thread
cool
just write a description in the main post and put the link in the reply. this just stops lazy linking.
the inmates run the asylum
man, the world will be sooo crazy in 20 years!!
she’s not wrong
i mean … yeah ofc
same rules for all
becoming multiplanetary is a critical step on the kardashev ladder
true
try the nfl portal. just press the magnifying glass aka explore/search.
tell me about it 😂
wow, not even authorized!
what are they protesting?
whoever thwarts the will of the people will lose either their primary or the mid-term election itself. the people have made their will crystal clear.
absolutely
inverse cramer vs pelosi stock tracker: who will win the final battle??
did you make this meme? it’s good.
a truly reusable orbital-entry-class heat shield is the single biggest technology problem remaining
obviously
easy
yeah
what is happening in the uk!? 🇬🇧
wow, traditional tv viewership is falling off a cliff! just a matter of time before it is irrelevant.
i always forget what that means 😂
our system is broken
see, this proves that i’m a time-traveling vampire alien! even though i’m 5000 years old, i think i look much younger.
crazy train keeps going
she’s not a good person
tip of the tip of the iceberg
and v13 is trending to be ~500% better
was that much money actually spent?
whatever class is closest to fighter/magic-user
it is laughably easy to take down fighter jets. “stealth” means nothing if you use elementary ai with low light sensitivity cameras. they aren’t invisible.
yeah
it’s a shit design
that is the last refuge of the woke mind parasite
what a coincidence
“don’t teach your children at home or they will be bored at school”. that’s crazy.
that was a great one
the people of britain have had enough of a tyrannical police state
results are what matter. continuing to waste taxpayer money is theft.
calculus is not hard
crewed fighter jets are an inefficient way to extend the range of missiles or drop bombs. a reusable drone can do so without all the overhead of a human pilot. and fighter jets will be shot down very quickly if the opposing force has sophisticated sam or drones, as shown by the
true
exactly
incarceration for contempt of court, even when valid, should not be for such an egregious length of time. when compared to the many crimes that receive little to no prison time, this cannot be considered fair or just.
this is crazy
maher is expressing a sentiment shared by many on the extreme left
it’s a big improvement that i’ve been pushing for a while
crazy
forward 𝕏 posts to your friends &amp; family
we. are. gamers!!
she has crazy eyes
is it still on the market?
wow, this is crazy!
starlink’s new system enables internet connectivity for your mobile phone with no extra equipment or special app. it just works.
un is helping fund illegal migration to america
true!
hear, hear! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
your tax dollars should not fund lies
this would explain a lot of things
and lead us not into temptation …
no rolling this time
good idea
*time-traveling, vampire alien
i’m a time-traveling vampire!
they’re trying to force japanese game developers to go woke
i do love this meme
since it’s almost 2:30 et
the years really fly by
yeah
true
coming soon
i was 15 or so
whoa
sounds like a good deal
always be shipping
yeah
i love the fresh breeze of a wide open overton window
spacex now does this every day or so
more starlinks
meanwhile, some idiots are still building manned fighter jets like the f-35 🗑️ 🫠
the internets never misses a thing
something tells me this will hit the press 🧌 🤭
literally 🤣🤣
not bad
sounds about right
you will always be my captain
who is this angela merkin person?
yehhhhsss
“i am your farter!”
this is what happens when i don’t have a video game to play 😂
having pronouns in a fantasy video game is utterly unacceptable 😡
𝕏 is so unhinged rn
there are hinges?
ok, maybe nothing
nice
my phone keeps suggesting that i post this ginormous, demented laughing emoji 😂
almost there
only those who want glory 🤷‍♂️
the obvious final survival attempt of the woke mind parasite, which cannot stand the light of truth, is to splinter off the central consciousness of 𝕏 to smaller, isolated group minds. there, you can witness its death throes.
congratulations!
sounds about right
memeception
the legacy media propaganda machine that pushed hoaxes relentlessly through the biden and harris campaigns still exists and is still pushing propaganda
true
my phone is melting 🫠
support from the og creator of “meme” 😀
exactly
it can drive itself
woke lies kill art
rage against the dying of the light
true
damn, i get the feeling his lip prints are on a lot of mirrors 😬
it’s true
how amazing would this be? 🤩
stop killing art with woke propaganda 😡
yeah
exactly
terrible
yeah
same picture
ai fever dreams
they hacked the system
it’s a dirty job, but someone’s got to do it
i look a bit like kim jong-un in this interview 😂
that is messed up
crazy
yeah
damn, that’s real bad yikes
this thread is 😂☺️😅
i love this meme
𝕏 is the group chat / collective conscious of earth
noland is playing polytopia just by thinking via his neuralink telepathy device
why is he in prison for 18 months?
how old were you when you realized others couldn’t see the matrix?
can you see the matrix?
well, i’ve run out of things to do on diablo 😂
ab so fucking lutely !!!
this meme hits the bullseye so hard
tragic
it’s dying
my phone today
is this real?
get paid to post on 𝕏!
wandering around the mojave desert in fallout wasn’t so bad
me for the past 3 hours 💩posting on 𝕏
pure gold
the right to bear arms
1 biiiillliiionnnn users
but one is marvel and the other is dc. oh no, not more irony 🤭
more irony!
i will use the power of irony to defeat villains! “oh you call yourself “the joker”, then why can’t you tell a joke! how ironic …”
india counted 640 million votes in 1 day. california is still counting votes 🤦‍♂️
actual footage of me after won
“leonard” lmaoooo
how to get to the new interface. try it for a few days and you won’t go back.
almost 80% of asylum seekers went on vacation to their home countries …
it was more that, but killing the bee was certainly symptomatic of a much larger issue
obviously
only patents for things that are super expensive to prove work, but are then easy to manufacture (like stage 3 drug trials) have any merit
legacy (formerly “mainstream”) media lies
thanks jeff 😀 note, xai is a generalized ai company and was not created as an offshoot of tesla in any way whatsoever.
the real problem is that neil decided to grovel to the woke far left when he got hit with a . you can avoid being canceled if you beg for forgiveness and push their nonsense ideology. the truth hurts.
democrats are intolerant meanies
they have become a joke
what a coincidence
without voter id, fraud is certain
best fake ad ever 😂 this meme ad was made in 2013 when it was actually vaguely possible that it might be real.
those in the government who fail to get their job done efficiently will be fired
it will happen much faster
in retrospect, it was inevitable 😂
federal government overspending is what causes inflation
cool
you don’t need to credit spacex or tesla
your tax dollars are paying to air-condition &amp; heat thousands of empty government buildings 🤯 outrageous!!
interesting
sunlight is the best disinfectant
sigh
no-brainer
true
this is insane
insane government spending is driving american into bankruptcy
they are illegal
tough call 🤔
try it, you’ll like it
even if we fail at creating a mars colony that can grow without continuous support from earth, the absurdly ambitious nature of the goal nonetheless results in the creation of alien-level technology that is crushingly better than competitors who merely aim for earth orbit.
cool
many grok upgrades recently and many more to come
exactly
those who break the law will be arrested and that includes mayors
is that all?
crazy
cool
beautiful. reminds me of elden ring.
let’s make it happen!
crazy idea, but it just might work! 😂
grok now understands pdfs
yeah
i love &amp; 😂
wow, they really don’t get it. mars is critical to the long-term survival of consciousness. also, i’m not going to ask any venture capitalists for money. i realize that it makes no sense as an investment. that’s why i’m gathering resources.
literally 😂
america is currently headed for bankruptcy super fast
this is stupidly expensive
that was a great move
it will connect to anything still functional in the rest of the world
sec. the middle word is definitely “elon’s”, but i can never remember what the other two words stand for 🤔.
congratulations!
grok does a pretty good job already and will become outstanding
ave centurion
that would be 🔥🔥
congratulations!
nope
true
precisely
this has been going on for far too long!
an oldy, but a goody
i knew if i brought a sink they would have to let that sink in. how could they not?
the growth of propaganda in legacy media is easily tracked simply by counting word frequency
sam harris is a subtard
good one
the voice of the people is a great antidote
deal 🔥🚀🤣
this is sounding very compelling!
or symbolic of our struggle against reality 😂
all of the ~5500 years of human civilization (as measured from the first writing) is a flash in the pan so far
uh oh 😂
maybe i should show up there with a sink 😂
it is symbolic of our struggle to be a multiplanetary species
exactly
i instantly lose respect for anyone who posts on linkedin. unbearably cringe.
the mayor of denver hates his constituents
the most entertaining outcome, especially if ironic, is most likely 😂
saturn v and shuttle for scale
yeah
nope
cool
the legacy media lied to the people of norway and many other countries. forward links to friends &amp; family, so they know what’s really going on!
what is happening in britain!?
well then, they should launch more satellites 😂 what’s holding them back? do it.
how much does it cost?
starlink mini gives you super fast internet almost anywhere in the world and fits in a backpack
exactly
hot staging &amp; boostback burn
same
over 10,000% … is sorely needed!
terrible
absolutely
true
more than half of american voters voted for trump. he won the popular vote by a decisive margin! cutting someone off just because they voted for the other candidate is close-minded and just plain mean.
they are basically the same picture. banning voter id makes fraudulent voting by non-citizens easy. making a state or city a “sanctuary” for illegals then maximizes the potential total of fraudulent votes. understanding the incentives explains seemingly irrational behavior.
nice work by
starship can also be used to create a large, permanently crewed moon base alpha research station
will improve the efficiency of defense spending
yeah
absolutely
now overlay that with regions where no voter id is required …
a fully reusable rocket improves cost per ton to orbit by ~2.5 orders of magnitude
demented
yeah
nobody, and i mean nobody, gets to trash e. gary gygax and the geniuses who created dungeons &amp; dragons. what the fuck is wrong with hasbro and wotc?? may they burn in hell.
this will keep happening
damn … true
yeah
cool
sam harris is just actually not that smart
freeing the people from government oppression
i have one
the new tunnel boring machine designed by engineers can immediately start digging a tunnel anywhere with no prior site preparation (this is a really big deal)
have to say that ’s profile description is awesome 😂
joe’s is better 😂
you are the media now
the smartest people are on 𝕏
life must become sustainably multiplanetary before civilization drops below the point that resupply ships stop coming, whether due to war, population collapse or some other reason.
yeah
will reprogram the base code of the matrix
tax dollars at “work” 🤨
if you’re having difficulty play 𝕏 videos on your tv, please comment below
population collapse due to plummeting birth rates continues to worsen
for a planet colonizer class rocket, it certainly does
80%, but the point remains valid
i did the same. jd is great.
haha awesome
it’s true
true
deregulation and reducing government spending leads to prosperity
those are the two paths
yeah
that would be cool
𝕏 is now for news in india!
we should reduce the swipe distance
high time you got your money’s worth from government
you are the media now. 𝕏 what you know. 𝕏 what you hear. 𝕏 what you see.
true
looks fantastic
progress
much better this way
it’s much cleaner with engagement numbers turned off. you can still see view count if you care.
that’s how most taxes start
also, weekly emails describing what they got done
cool
nfl portal
ad astra
yeah
yeah
💯 biden said he would open the border before he became president and then he did what he said he would do!
congratulations, !
try this!
starship hot stage separation
art is often used for money laundering and tax evasion. that explains a large part of the apparent irrationality.
you can see that i usually sleep from ~3am to ~9am
indeed
over 5 million pounds of thrust
sounds right
exactly
try out these new features! i personally tirn off the engagement numbers and have swipe right to reply, swipe left to favorite. screen is less busy and interaction is super fast, just like texting.
it will happen
cool
this is crazy!
unmodified video stills transmitted via starlink
aliens, definitely aliens
𝕏 keeps hitting new highs in usage, because it is by far the most interesting place on the internets
cool
terrible
absolutely
this is still a major problem
it’s still a major problem
interesting
yeah wow
i may have been community noted 70 times, but i have post 70 million times, so that’s only 1 in a million! (my community note counter about to increment to 71 😂)
a new philosophy that is compatible with most existing belief systems
yeah
it was next-level insane of germany to shut down its reactors!
more starlinks in orbit
yeah
if engine failures are isolated from each other and the primary airframe, then more engines *increases* reliability. the problem with n-1 was that a failure of any engine caused failure of all.
seriously
🍌 for scale
you are the media now
is it true that the sec only works one day a month in the office?
that’s a deep cut 😂
yeah
they want our memes!
true
the memes are funny though
i am immune from community notes! (community notes will correct this shortly 😂)
we need to reach &gt;1m/year production volumes, but, long-term, yes
falcon heavy
what makes a party “far right”?
lmao
fairing reuse is also important
true
humans are so small
read the parasitic mind by
most interesting place on the internet!
how time flies 😂
child abuse
i’d like to be on zero covers
well, then, i stand corrected 😂
all the woke stasi and pedos are there!
is poe2 super good or medium good?
well, then i should give him a call! 😂
😂 physics is the absolute best framework for thinking
we could save a lot of money by replacing the fed with a magic 8-ball
beautiful car
yeah
weird
💩 posting is now part of my actual job 😂
to be clear, i have not done any media interviews and this is not actually my checklist. i am trying to make life multiplanetary to maximize the probable lifespan of consciousness. some of the items below are needed for that.
cool 😎
yeah
seriously. if you want to know the real answer, it is because almost every one of them, once they become citizens, will vote democrat. criminals vote overwhelmingly democrat, because they are the soft-on-crime party. this is a fact.
absolutely
there are well over 400 federal agencies. i was once in a meeting with a new agency that was being formed, but it didn’t have a name yet. the reason it didn’t have a name was that all the good acronyms were taken!
congratulations!
wow, this is messed up!
gm frens
that makes them sound too cool, but kinda true
karma is real
several friends of mine who publicly supported trump now have many members of their family who won’t talk to them anymore! it’s crazy.
interesting
i guess her social media intern is still getting paid 😂
yeah
yeah
notre-dame has been restored!
i’m impossible to recognize when i wear these glasses
“alleged” 🤣🤣
yeah
terrible
california, the golden state, is eating its golden geese
yeah
true
true
true
great
good idea
coming soon to iphone &amp; android
now more closely reflects america
thank you, senator lee!
we will have guests too
just learned tonight at mar-a-lago that jeff bezos was telling everyone that would lose for sure, so they should sell all their tesla and spacex stock 🤭
and it will get longer
yeah
if the extreme violation of shareholder rights by the activist posing as a judge in delaware is allowed to stand, delaware’s entire economy will be destroyed
are we a country that believes in innocent until proven guilty or are we not?
seems like a backdoor way to control access to the internet by all australians
improvements to grok
america is new rome
but first delete as many as possible. we should not try to optimize something that shouldn’t exist.
he’s gone mad
wow, germany carries a lot of the cost of the eu!
yeah, a significant part of the reason drugs cost more in the usa than other countries is that americans shoulder most of the r&amp;d costs
now msnbc is going down
most of the government is not needed
all establishment parties in the uk will get crushed in the next election
yeah
quite a big difference
community notes goes hard 😂
some federal departments have 6% occupancy. closer to 1% if “occupancy” is defined as clocked in for &gt;8 hours. it’s insane.
fair point
your tax dollars [not] at work
yeah, terrible
really?
i think blizzard should give me a salesperson of the month award
he was a genius
actually, i have often exceeded stated goals, but the legacy media never writes an article when that happens
low bar tbh
bigtime (phew)
took me a second before i realized that the guy meant the list as a bad thing 😂
the establishment political parties are going to get utterly crushed in the next uk election
yeah
just replace “democracy” with “bureaucracy” and it makes total sense 😂
good play!
yeah 😳
i usually actually answer the question, but it does shock people when i say “mixed” or “bad” 😂
each rocket engine produces twice as much thrust as all 4 engines on a boeing 747 and there are 33 of them
yeah
that would cool!
i only own two gasoline cars: a 1967 jaguar e-type and a ford model t
those who farm or build or drive can’t work from home and will be very sympathetic to this requirement
legal immigration to america is ridiculously slow &amp; difficult, even for super talented people. needs to be fixed.
i would definitely pick a surgeon who has demonstrated excellent fine motor skills in any competitive arena!
well, the fairing did blow up when the ship fell over after landing in the water (as expected)
exactly
making glp inhibitors super affordable seems like it would help in so many ways, but perhaps especially regarding the need for dialysis. “just eat healthier” isn’t realistic for most people.
he was right!
why are “sanctuary” cities protecting child rapists? unconscionable. any politician who does so should be recalled immediately.
tbh, i wouldn’t cut that funding 🤣🤣
those who defy the will of the people will be voted out of office
very important
i just literally did not know of one
a fully reusable orbital rocket is the critical breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary
looks awesome
it’s funny how often the reaction to new technology is simultaneously: 1. it would never work. 2. it’s obvious and already being done. 😂
special version of starship: delete heat shield &amp; flaps, add landing legs. this could (of course) only be used between trans lunar orbit and lunar surface, given no heat shield or flaps.
starship is clearly not causing harm to the local environment, so this is just common sense. you can’t even tell the difference between a before and after launch photo, except that the rocket is no longer on the launch mount!
so many life lessons to be learned from speedrunning video games on max difficulty. teaches you to see the matrix, rather than simply exist in the matrix. diablo tier 150 finished in under 2 mins. (that's what she said😂)
one of the most beautiful cars ever designed
i look forward to seeing your new vehicle lineup
metallic shielding, supplemented by ullage gas or liquid film-cooling is back on the table as a possibility
i really enjoy spending time with president . my direct experience is that he is a great guy with an excellent sense of humor. haven’t seen him do one bad thing even once. to be clear, while i have offered my opinion on some cabinet candidates, many selections
jd is his own man, not peter’s or anyone’s “political bet”
they will be summoned to the united states of america to explain their censorship and threats to american citizens
concerning
you are proving your point by identifying the irrationality of the far left
good idea
if you disagree with the far left woke cult in any way, you are cast out and viciously attacked. on the other hand, the so-called “far right” will generally respectfully disagree and hope to persuade you in the future. which one is more reasonable? 🇺🇸🇺🇸
true
milton friedman was the best
yeah :)
starship is by far the most powerful flying object ever created
yeah
such an ugly building! just knock it down &amp; pour holy water on the remains.
the sheer magnitude &amp; audacity of government fraud is mind-blowing!
all the lights are on
cybertrucks and optimus robots
real-time high definition video all the way through reentry and landing!
exactly
there are many such situations. it is utterly psychotic.
i am highly confident that we can send several uncrewed starships to mars in 2 years. if those ships don’t increment the crater count on mars, then crewed ships can be sent in 4 years.
the biggest technology challenge remaining for starship is a fully &amp; immediately reusable heat shield. being able to land the ship, refill propellant &amp; launch right away with no refurbishment or laborious inspection. that is the acid test.
it would not have been possible for spacex to spend so much money effectively. good chance it would have been counterproductive.
impressive progress in argentina!
true
to the moon and beyond!
successful ocean landing of starship! we will do one more ocean landing of the ship. if that goes well, then spacex will attempt to catch the ship with the tower.
congratulations!
8 minutes to liftoff of starship!
starship will go halfway around the world in ~45 mins
i would be curious to meet and understand your goals better
honored to have president at our starship launch!
thanks!
the major problem is that social activists are being appointed to judicial positions
the two towers
that would awesome
raptor 3 is truly sublime engineering. so much so that even experienced veterans of the space industry thought it was impossible.
intelligence is as intelligence does
cool
crazy
you’re making a convincing case for matt gaetz!! 😂
his statement is false
should be an exciting day!
the chart below is due for an update, but is roughly accurate. flight 6 liftoff thrust is ~7500 tons and mass is ~5000 tons. the tanker version of starship v3 will weigh over 7000 tons. by comparison, the heaviest boeing 747 is less than 500 tons fully loaded.
beautiful
phew
awesome
a classic 😂
so many fake jobs
yeah
but maybe her advice is amazing 🤣🤣
do you sell cars?
yeah
haha, indeed 😂
cinnamon toast crunch is great
it was necessary to increase the probable lifespan of civilization
starbase is an area that experiences storms and hurricanes that are far more serious than starship launches. the real headline of this article is boring, because it would say “starship launches cause no damage” 😂
this is so crazy.
stop the swamp!
far from how the media portrayed him
a fully reusable rocket with orbital refilling is the critical breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary. for the first time in 4.5 billion years.
absurd
great
interesting
no advertising for pharma
the southern poverty law center (splc) is a criminal organization imo
yeah
great one
seriously?
yeah
crazy high
uh oh 😧
crazy idea: let’s simplify the tax code 🤷‍♂️
20 years ago
same diameter of 9m (~30 ft), but longer and at least 2 versions. the propellant tanker version will be especially heavy, as the payload volume in the forward section will mostly contain propellant. thrust goal will be ~10k tons (3x saturn v) and liftoff mass of tanker
cool 😀
the cognitive dissonance is a marvel to behold 🤣🤣
current starship is more than twice as powerful as the saturn v moon rocket. starship v3, which hopefully flies in about a year, will be 3x more powerful.
the objectives for starship flight 6 are: 1. restart of raptor engines in vacuum. 2. daylight landing of the ship. 3. higher peak heating (steeper) reentry. 4. faster/harder booster catch. there are thousands of small design changes also being tested.
how new taxes start vs how they end
the fixed pie fallacy as at the heart of many bad government decisions
this is the top of megabay at starbase
drop the hammer 🔨
as for these accusations against him, i consider them worth less than nothing. under our laws, a man is considered innocent until proven guilty. if ag garland (an unprincipled douchebag) could have secured a conviction against gaetz, he would have, but he knew he could not.
matt gaetz has 3 critical assets that are needed for the ag role: a big brain, a spine of steel and an axe to grind. he is the judge dredd america needs to clean up a corrupt system and put powerful bad actors in prison. gaetz will be our hammer of justice.
and we will
interesting
starlink is how we are paying for humanity to get to mars. that’s why there is a hohmann transfer orbit diagram on the starlink router.
moreover, much of the fraud is driven by organized theft rings from other countries, so a lot of it is not even going to american crooks, which is extra galling!
that is just the tip of the iceberg. the actual fraud and waste in government spending is much higher.
yes, the legacy (formerly mainstream) media just literally lied relentlessly
this needs to stop
yikes
so true
yeah
mach diamonds
accurate
interesting
terrible
yeah
if you look closely, you can see a human walking around the base of the rocket. each raptor rocket engine produces twice as much thrust as all 4 engines on a 747. there are 33 raptor engines powering the starship rocket booster.
true
unless civilization collapses, will make life multiplanetary
sure is
i’m hearing this a lot 😂
yeah, conservation of energy is the law. nobody has yet figured out how to beat entropy. defeating bureaucracy is the penultimate boss battle, entropy is the final.
the next two years will be 🔥⚡️🔨🚀🇺🇸
you don’t yet appreciate how much waste and fraud there is in entitlements. it is beyond what you could possibly imagine.
enough is enough
nice work
certainly a major risk
thank goodness
there are 70 of them? wow.
it would make a difference to many people
much appreciated, senator !
indeed 😂
with a bigger &amp; better swarm of drones
enough is enough
cool
true
true
indeed, congratulations !
that was a such a fun night! i have to say that the team is assembling for this administration is very strong. the vibe is good.
if we don’t tackle the national debt, all tax revenue will go to paying interest and there will be nothing left for anything else
megyn is awesome 😎
true
nfl portal
anomalies in the matrix will be generated
i already know
that is exactly what we’re doing
remarkable that they would outright ignore a court order!
immediate action is needed to stop the de facto bankruptcy of america
congrats spacex team on completing 3 successful orbital launches in 20 hours!
giant rockets need giant rocket factories
exactly
cool
you’re most welcome!
seems like we could save a lot of money by switching to a magic 8-ball 🤣🤣
misgnomer is when someone refers to a hobbit as a gnome
starship flight 6 tomorrow
as a reminder, excess government spending is what causes inflation
*scamdemic
government reform brings prosperity to argentina!
cool
cool
specific suggestions are welcome
indeed
cool!
because will expose the insane waste and graft of government
that is roughly my guess for success too. over time, it will become ~100%, but these are still early days.
the people want their freedom of speech
that’s great to see! tesla robovan is in development. some other things too.
true
deeply insightful thread by senator lee
britain is going full stalin
with starship, humanity finally has a rocket design capable of making life multiplanetary
haha true
interesting
true
nope
dave
some deep truths here 😂😂
based
interesting thread
we will definitely make a dent
watch the starship flight live on 𝕏!
what are the odd? 😂
yeah
long 2 months before jan 20
i can’t nap during the day
true :)
troubling
very shady
there are so many regulators that it’s like a sports game with more refs than players on the field!
there was certainly significant risk of not passing a great filter
humanity is the steward of life as we know it
challenges ahead
great product
congratulations! 🇺🇸
great choice
ai will soon beat doctors and lawyers by a large margin (and eventually all humans at almost everything). we can serve as a biological backstop for intelligence, as we are less brittle than silicon, and perhaps as a source of will.
yeah
true
which one would do a better job of deciding interest rates?
the problem is that russia will respond reciprocally
seriously
ai is advancing insanely fast
essential to make life multiplanetary before ww3. not possible after.
exciting times
the government runs on ancient computers &amp; software. needs an upgrade!
strangulation by regulation
tuesday flight of starship looks promising
concerning
the swamp will fight hard to avoid being drained
the department of [in]justice needs major reform!
true
madness
crazy
yes, as he will drive change
guess who?
true
true
“no one knows it’s me” – thought bubble
britain is turning into a police state
true
we need to speed legal immigration
major driver of healthcare cost
yeah
does seem to create a conflict of interest
exactly. key appointees need to be committed to change, rather than simply maintaining the status quo.
good
is this accurate?
crazy
milton friedman was great
yeah
yeah
yeah
next-level night
yeah
his brain has been pickled in woke kool-aid!
14 years ago
interesting
instead of teaching fear of pregnancy, we should teach fear of childlessness
yup, so bizarre
great night 🇺🇸
yeah
😂 true
yeah
great book
i’m watching myself watch this 😂
great
good question
yeah
this is crazy
true, but requiring id would have affected some house and senate races
we live on a thin crust of solid rock, beneath which is vast ball of molten rock. earth’s core, which generates most of our magnetic field is ~85% iron and moves independently from the surface plates, which is why the magnetic pole changes position.
europe is dying 😔
highly problematic
would be a good move
yeah
a classic 😂
we do a lot in-house, because there is no supplier who can make several of our key technologies
that’s sad, but happens a lot
your tax dollars could be spent better
simulation vs reality
live by the sword, die by the sword
true
congratulations!
true
crazy
cool
exactly
dod gets terrible value for money
weird
wow, this needs to be greatly simplified !
thank goodness for
hall monitors in all directions
debbie is legit the single most annoying person in congress 😂
cool
this is insane
there has been an increase both in love and in hate for me, due to the inherently tribal nature of politics
lightning quick internet from starlink
2 tier justice in the uk
debbie is one of the dumbest people in congress and constantly tries to hide her idiocy by talking fast
debbie does … 😳
true
they do suck 🍿
so what? 🤣🤣
legacy media is dying fast
seriously 😂
🤣🤣 they will lose the next election
charming
true
true
crazy
a clear mandate for change from the people
he would be effective
yeah
he would be great
sounds like a job for !
hopefully
yeah
michael moore has the appetite and morals of jabba the hutt
interesting
good idea
true
you are the media now
yeah
cool
yeah
please present facts that support this
courage during tough times is a great virtue
i’m open to that
would be interesting to hear more people weigh in on this for to consider feedback. my view fwiw is that bessent is a business-as-usual choice, whereas will actually enact change. business-as-usual is driving america bankrupt, so we need change
send links to friends so they know what’s actually happening!
red shift
debbie is a fast-talking fool
interesting
such a cult!
he sense of humor is amazing 😂
launching on tuesday
much appreciated
his brain has been marinating in woke sauce for too long
mayor adams is based
sensible
ron left the democratic party, because they have moved so far left that they are out of touch with the people. that is why they lost so badly in this election.
debbie thinks that talking fast is the same as taking intelligently 😂 she is actually not smart.
there will be consequences for those who pushed foreign interference hoaxes. the hammer of justice is coming.
there will be consequences for those who push hoaxes
haha true
pac is also taking action
the radical left is at it again. same playbook: 1. they accuse anyone who says illegal votes are being counted of being a far right wing conspiracy theorist. 2. it turns out to be happening … 3. they agree it’s happening, but now that’s actually good!! 4. they use lawfare
is she reading a teleprompter or does she come that deranged all by herself?
why haven’t you complained about soros or zuckerberg?
not good
important for the the public to understand more about what happened
they almost succeeded in america and would have done the same thing here if had not won
this is the way
it was almost fatal
good move
good question
exactly
wow, this is crazy
i agree
starting to feel like the has real potential
congratulations, doug!
anytime, anyplace, any rules are fine by me
shocker
yeah
population collapse
congratulations karoline!
true
making some progress
true :)
we will try to be as helpful as possible
fetterman has a good sense of humor 😂
seriously
they’re just the puppets. who actually wrote this and made those knuckleheads sign it?
interesting thread
i’m going to find out who’s making these accusations and nuke them
yeah
swindly sam is at it again …
how works
hopefully, way more!
true
true
it was such a lovely event with incredibly positive energy! good to see you there.
just want to say that we super appreciate major brands resuming advertising on our platform! thanks and the whole 𝕏 team for your hard work in restoring confidence in our platform and ensuring that advertising content only appears where advertisers want it shown.
it will be destroyed root and stem
guess not 🤣🤣
cool. v13 will be another 5 to 10 times better in miles between interventions.
last night with &amp;
true!
yeah
i love gorsuch. rip pnut 🫡.
good!
🤣🤣🤣 so true
making glp inhibitors available at low cost to americans who wish to use them would greatly improve health and reduce healthcare costs
as anyone who knows ron would attest. i never give false praise.
absolutely
sounds good to me 😂
great video of starship super heavy booster landing as seen from mexico! 🇲🇽
exactly
so silly
true
they are openly trying to count illegal ballots in pennsylvania! unreal …
the political party closest to the views of the “moderates” will win. that party is currently the republicans.
this is so true. please send links to friends, so that they know what’s really going on!
ron baron is a real mensch. i love him.
open dialogue between opposing viewpoints is vital to a healthy democracy
indeed. thank goodness we have a constitutional right to freedom of speech 🇺🇸
great to hear
getting ready for starship flight 6!
the uk has become a police state
the censorship and advertising boycott cartel must end now!
crazy
kinzinger is just smelling himself
yeah
this is the sort of reasoned debate that i like to see on this platform
this seems messed up
this seems very reasonable
i am pro vaccine, but all medication should be subject to review and improvement
there are thousands of examples of taxpayer dollars being wasted. these just a few:
the public also believes in his platform and rejected the far left ideology of the current democratic party. if the democrats become more centrist and shift towards the values and beliefs of the people, they will do better in the future.
true
😂😂so true
governing mars will be up to the martians, but these are some ideas
interesting
this is real?
yeah
congratulations!
cool
the magnitude of the waste is beyond what the public could possibly imagine
glad to have them back!
yikes
interesting
i am kinda curious as to what the results were 😂
yes, put the science back in scientific american!
congratulations !
cool!
in my view, we should end all government subsidies, including those for evs, oil and gas
just do the opposite of whatever bolton recommends 😂
that’s the whole point! 😂
yeah
indeed, this will be tedious work, make lots of enemies &amp; compensation is zero. what a great deal! 😂
cool
hard to believe that things turned out this way
true
another batch of starlinks in orbit
cool
thanks!
good
super important to send links to friends to show them what’s really true!
crazy
😂 and annoying jerks
we have an opportunity to beat the machine
as predicted
yeah, he’s a huge tool
seriously
he should be
exactly
happy birthday!
is that legal?
looks like a lot of opportunity for !
another falcon launch
that is the goal
go woke, go broke
john bolton, who is a staggeringly dumb warmonger, being against someone is a great sign! gaetz will be great.
exactly
doesn’t sound like she reflects the view of her constituents
cool
even a brief stint in government by people with high competence and integrity would greatly help america
it is the only way to build a large enough city for mars to be self-sustaining
correlation is 💯 so far 😂
without rigorous pursuing truth, you obviously cannot understand the true nature of the universe
unless we do something about the rapidly rising national debt, america will go bankrupt. this is a severe crisis! our interest payments, at almost a quarter of national tax revenue, already exceed our military expenditures and are headed towards absorbing all tax revenue!
yeah, i have to say that cutting this much waste will make a lot of bad people angry. will need extra tight security.
douglas murray is an excellent writer
indeed. another dumb russia hoax 😴
sooo … electric helicopters? still cool.
this is so crazy! i was literally at mar-a-lago with last week.
🎶 is coming to town 🎶
crazy
great
crazy
we will try very hard!
true
starship flight 6 coming up soon!
yeah
beautiful movie
true
good
it is better for people to work at jobs that produce goods &amp; services of higher value than government jobs, which are too often of no or negative value
bullseye
yeah
it’s a bit much at this point
20 more starlinks in orbit
it really does work
nature is healing
is the borrowing rate really that low?
outstanding
lovely dinner
much appreciated
end tribalism in entertainment!
rockets don’t get to orbit unless you correct a *lot* of mistakes
almost there
groan
this is so awesome 😎 😂
more accurate would be that i’m “george soros” of the middle. i don’t want the pendulum to swing too far right, but right now it’s just too far left.
no, it actually was an act of charity. but we can’t force other companies to make great electric vehicles. that is not within our power. at spacex, we don’t even bother with patents. copy our rockets if you want.
yeah
he’s great
we will do weekly updates via livestream
wild times ahead for rocket launches
good point
seriously
amazing 😂
unless you lock up career criminals, you will have nonstop crime!
the real number is far higher
cool
true
the excess government spending is what causes inflation! all government spending is taxation. this is a very important concept to appreciate. it is either direct taxation, like income tax, or indirect via inflation due to increasing the money supply.
merrick garland is not a good person
the sheer magnitude of government waste is staggering to behold!
true of both parties 😂
good
garland is such a douchebag. at least he is not on the supreme court! phew.
he is a very kind man
beautiful
awesome 😎
keep sending links to friends so they know what’s actually happening!
they are losing their mind 🤣🤣
of course
cool
swamp creatures like magaziner will naturally complain when someone wants to drain the swamp. expect many such accusations from the guilty.
that was a big part of it
they still don’t understand why they lost all the swing states and key house districts outside of the swing states
it’s great
true
unlike you, neither of us are being paid, so it is very efficient indeed. will do great things for the american people. let history be the judge.
yeah
yikes
do these expenditures seem like a good use of your taxes?
awesome 😎
beautiful performance
thanks :)
exactly
accurate 😂😂
true
coming right up!
this is awesome beyond words 🤣🤣
you are the media now!
i don’t like the esthetics of reposting too much
yeah
the big government machine
the hidden regulatory cost burden on americans in immense
i kinda hope they keep going for the memes
amazing
that was a huge mistake
i’m having an awesome time! is such a great guy. he really is. one person after another has told me how kind he has been to them. and that is my direct observation too.
true 🤣
it is glorious to behold 🤣🤣
they are losing their minds
that is so funny 🤣🤣
amazing 🤩
exactly
it’s not for sure going to be good, but probably 80% likely
the hammer of justice is coming
how else? 🤷‍♂️ there is no other way.
good progress
while others partied, cybertruck studied the blade
based
indeed
ginger is cool
bigtime
i’m all-in
schiff is as dirty as they come
send links to friends so they know what’s really going on!
high time we exceeded our high-water mark
dc freaking out means we are over the target 😂
the absurd regulations get worse every year. unless we push back, everything will become illegal.
this seems messed up
congratulations !
the hammer of justice is coming
she sounds mean
the hammer of justice is coming
no more political prosecutions
is great!
congratulations!
congratulations!
it begins
this is insane. make orwell fiction again!!
takes 5 mins from receiving your to it working!
legacy media will continue to decline
😂 great question
$10m from gates … hmm
💯probable 😂
true
true
thanks!
congratulations
that was cool
this is a tragically accurate description
i think the flat inflation of dogecoin, which means decreasing percentage inflation, is a feature, not a bug
lmaooo
oh the irony 😂
make orwell fiction again! guys like this think 1984 is an instruction manual 😂
“government-funded non-governmental organizations” is obviously a contradiction in terms 😂 they are just an illegal arm of the government.
the democratic party senate candidate in pennsylvania is trying to change the outcome of the election by counting non-citizen votes, which is illegal. that has been their goal all along. they are just flat-out openly doing crime now.
the citizens of america voted overwhelmingly for this
hi steve!
the legacy media is dying
exactly
the world is suffering slow strangulation by overregulation. every year, the noose tightens a little more. we finally have a mandate to delete the mountain of choking regulations that do not serve the greater good.
true
the “approve cookie” banner is super annoying. it should be removed.
actually, i think education will improve
it will be done much faster
they are a dying publication
europe should be massively increasing nuclear power
great
they are a laboriously vile propaganda machine
great!
excellent choice
sure will 🚀🚀🚀
they are irrelevant
this is the only way
it is soooo crazy!
true
some of this stuff is not merely a waste of money, but outright evil
this is unacceptable. do the people of italy live in a democracy or does an unelected autocracy make the decisions?
this needs to stop
exactly
tunnels will be important on mars
this platform is at all-time highs. you are the media now.
make orwell fiction again!
incentives matter. there should be rewards for wise spending, but those who waste taxpayer funds cannot be allowed to keep doing so without consequences.
a weak faker vs the real deal
yeah
so crazy
congrats !
true
perfect
the public deserves to know
99 federal agencies is more than enough
yes, super urgent
it morning in america again!
it really is
so … what would you say you do here? 😂
progress
so true 😂
true
cool
same in government
either we get government efficient or america goes bankrupt. that’s what it comes down to. wish i were wrong, but it’s true.
that program has achieved nothing. deleted.
definitely not!
cool
your tax dollars at “work” 😂
the entertainment value will be epic
making government fun again!
america was saved by a squirrel and a meme coin!
all actions of the department of government efficiency will be posted online for maximum transparency. anytime the public thinks we are cutting something important or not cutting something wasteful, just let us know! we will also have a leaderboard for most insanely dumb
the people are indeed watching
so true!
indeed 😂 this will require generating many anomalies in the matrix.
interesting thread
sure does …
people have no idea how much this will move the needle!
threat to democracy? nope, threat to bureaucracy!!!
true 🤣🤣
department of government efficiency the merch will be 🔥🔥🔥
the merch will be amazing
the prophecy has been fulfilled
cool!
something wrong with this chart, but i can’t quite figure it out 😂
strong picks
lara trump is genuinely great
great choice
cool
𝕏 is in italy!
i very much disagree with your assessment of trump. he has been the subject of extreme media propaganda. he won the hearts and minds of the american people for good reasons.
sea watch is a criminal organization
starship flight 6 coming up soon
this would help so many kids
congratulations tesla powerwall team! these will make a big difference around the world. with a powerwall, your home or business has guaranteed continuous power during utility blackouts or brownouts. add solar to your roof and/or nearby ground and you can operate off grid.
true
time for change
they want to go somewhere where they can still lie and not be corrected
good idea
still much work to do, but the tide of the battle has turned
true
she is an extinctionist
“scientific” american needs a change in management
solar power will be the vast majority of power generation in the future
yeah
seriously 😐
wow, this is insane
they are subtarded
becoming multiplanetary will greatly increase the lifespan of our civilization and it is the critical next step to becoming multistellar
the latter
yeah
trust in the legacy media is rightfully at an all-time low and declining. send links to friends, especially of actual source material, so that they know the truth of what’s going on.
good question
nonstop rocket launches!
exactly right
absolutely!
should your tax dollars really be paying for an organization run by people who think the truth is a “distraction”?
i think so
as that chart shows, nobody takes the lying legacy media seriously anymore. they are a 🤡 show 😂
yeah
very telling
true
flight 6 is coming soon
that is what it is
great idea
any activist judge being pushed through by pocahontas is bad for the country
exactly
the trend to extinction
i’m open to the idea
my pronouns are still prosecute/fauci
and, of course, play a significant role in primaries.
normally, pacs go somewhat dormant after a big election. pac is going to do the opposite and keep grinding, increasing republican registrations in key districts around the country, in preparation for special elections and the midterms.
frankly, it was only on the thursday before the saturday that any of the sketches generated laughs. i was worried. i was like damn my snl appearance is going to be so fucking unfunny that it will make a crackhead sober!! but then it worked out in the end 😮‍💨
does seem odd
indeed. phew.
trump broke his brain
yeah
yeah
yeah
his dad sounds awesome
busted 🤷‍♂️
exactly
the computers are deciding our mating patterns 🤔
interesting
cool
global censorship center is shutting down ✌️
pricey
they can’t help it 😂
interesting
very productive day of work by the transition team
these judges need to go
good times
more starlinks
sam is subtarded 😂
sam harris is an utter idiot
wow, that sure is a scary alliance 🤣🤣
does seem odd
reactors should be way bigger imo
i’m happy to be first buddy! 😂
it’s way too small though. needs to be at least twice the size.
looks familiar 😂
they are subtarded. a string of satellites increases bandwidth, not latency.
wild
starlink now available in chad!
yeah
government efficiency ftw!!
true
good idea
not exactly great value for money!
absolutely
wired is a dead publication
exactly
this is crazy
yeah
the new senate majority leader must respond to the will of the people
you will not find a better friend than me, nor a worse enemy
use grok for answers that are based on up-to-date info!
congratulations on being given responsibility for enforcing our borders!
is based
elise is awesome, but it might be too dicey to lose her from the house, at least for now
indeed, the obstacles are overcoming the kafkaesque nature of the rules governing this vast bureaucracy and ensuring that maniacally dedicated small-government revolutionaries join this administration!
lil x is being such a troll 😂
absolutely! would be interesting to hear recommendations for roles in the new administration for consideration by the president.
wow, i don’t even want to look at mine 😂
great!
happy birthday!
faster
perfectly articulated
occupy mars!
the general public is on 𝕏
we will be much faster than that
true
this would be cool 🇺🇸🚀❤️
yeah
true
it is the only way
cool
rick scott for senate majority leader!
𝕏 predicted the election outcome, because it represents america
exactly! i have great respect for the american people, who saw through the relentless propaganda and voted for change.
this is essential. there is no other way.
without recess appointments, it will take two years or more to confirm the new administration! this would make it impossible to enact the change demanded by the american people, which is utterly unacceptable.
(republican) senator thune is the top choice of democrats 🤣🤣
exactly
yeah
i hope they attack me more
𝕏 is back to being in brazil!
true
dana carvey just sounds like dana carvey
yeah
send them a link to the source material on like the actual speech given by
must be a coincidence 🙄
true
they are so mad that won 🤣🤣
who should be senate majority leader?
essential to stop fraud in elections
they did and they will get it
exactly
couldn’t agree more
yeah
from impossible to late
canada is dying
snl has been dying slowly for years, as they become increasingly out of touch with reality. their last-ditch effort to cheat the equal airtime requirements and prop up kamala before the election only helped sink her campaign further.
yeah
true. send them to debunk the hoaxes pushed by the legacy media.
yes, and it would have become far worse
no way to solve speed of light latency, but we can solve for super high bandwidth
she is a far left activist pretending to be a judge
yeah
you are the media now
that would make a big difference
good idea
great rebuttal
true
this debt growth is unsustainable
that is encouraging
almost all
you are the media now
he won’t be in power for much longer
that’s what happens when teachers lie to kids. trump has been clear that he will veto a national abortion ban.
their feedback loop is disconnected from reality. if they were on this platform, they would be more likely to understand.
this will be next-level
so many crazy regulations that aren’t in the public interest
i am encouraged by the discussion so far regarding the key members of the new administration
the fun police fear that someone somewhere is having a good time and they’re going stop it! 🤣🤣
fidias has a good point
it’s crazy
it is the only way to understand the universe
the unelected and unconstitutional federal bureaucracy currently has more power than the presidency, legislature or judiciary! this needs to change.
that was a close one
true
great idea
it absolutely demands a thorough investigation
interesting
excess government spending is driving america into bankruptcy
interesting
why do you hate america? that’s messed up.
seriously
yeah
great name
congrats!!
they want legacy media to continue to deceive the people of australia, just as they were deceived about
love you 🥰
such intolerance!
a long chain of modified future generation starlink satellites between 1 and 1.5 au would do it
try out the api!
true!
wow, this guy is super racist
not for long
yeah
true
grok can explain memes
i asked grok to generate an image of the view 😂
of course i still love you
yeah
cool
i was just reading 𝕏 and combining that with real-time swing state voting data sent to me by my pac team
you can upload any image to grok, including medical imaging and get its (non-doctor) opinion. grok accurately diagnosed a friend of mine from his scans.
that is why
there were an encouraging number of trump/vance signs around austin
a weekly email of accomplishments seems like it should be mandatory for all government employees
yeah
washington dc swamp creatures trying to join the administration right now 🤣🤣
exactly
a launch a day keeps the … away
that’s not easy 🤣
he never not misses
same 😂
the real loser was not the puppet, but rather the big government machine behind the puppet
does sound cool
mental illness is a tragedy
yeah
naval is based
embarrassingly slow vote counting in california, where requiring voter id was recently made illegal … that said, almost 40% of california voted for .
it’s true
that would be much appreciated
yeah
true
mental illness
interesting
yeah
true
yeah
it’s crazy and unfair
yeah
interesting
oprah was paid $1m? hmm
yeah
true!
yup, it’s there for sure 😂
they’ve been programmed that way by the propaganda in the legacy media. send them links so they know the truth.
lol, no
working on it
america has benefited from an influx of very talented iranians
yeah
so true
interesting
troubling
the times they are a-changin’
interesting
wow, this is crazy
yeah!
the problem is that she places political activism above science
you are the media now
he should consider trt
you are the media now
true
the norwegian media lied to their people. they should join 𝕏 to know the truth. please send links to your friends.
you should get an oscar for that 🤣🤣
exactly
exactly
damn, she would be a buzzkill at parties 😮‍💨 🤣🤣🤣🤣
their propaganda isn’t even consistent 😂
they should at least get a thesaurus
lib therapists are rolling in💰this week 😂
jack smith’s abuse of the justice system cannot go unpunished
indeed, that was an incredibly improper prosecution
science
accurate
yeah, it’s crazy
how’s your week going?
he is easily distracted by snacks. just put some donuts on the table and make sure he doesn’t knock you over on his way to eat them.
you, the individual, are the media now
the legacy media lied to you
the legacy media wants to destroy your right to freedom of speech. they are saying it out loud and repeatedly.
he needs trt, since his balls clearly don’t work 😂
pac utterly crushed them in the swing states ground game and they still don’t realize it 😂
the last two guys who ran the uaw went to prison for stealing money from the union members they’re supposed to represent
community notes 🙌
great summary edit of my conversation with
things are looking better for california and san francisco, thanks to your efforts and those of many californians who are sick of legalized theft and violent streets!
he is one of the best humans
pathetic
the senseless killing will end soon. time is up for the warmonger profiteers.
this is just a very basic first step. earth and mars will ultimately need &gt;petabit/sec connectivity.
incentives drive behavior
this is such bs. joe rogan is a great human being and everyone knows it! that’s why he has a vastly bigger audience than msnbc, which peddles puerile propaganda.
sowell was brilliant
yeah, they lost their minds when a single bus load of illegals was sent there, but have no empathy at all for small towns in the midwest that are deluged with tens of thousands of illegals
yeah
most importantly, american taxpayer money will be spent far more effectively and for projects that are truly inspiring
government handouts at the national and state level enable illegals who come here to have a standard of living that is better than half of earth. this creates a forcing function for half of earth to move here. they will do so, unless the border is secure. qed.
they don’t want competition, but competition is good for the people, as it results in better products and services.
let’s push to in norway!
i agree
susie wiles is great
thank goodness
it will work out well
it’s gonna be 🤩
much appreciated!
yeah
exactly
news by the people, for the people!
truth wins in the end
interesting
makes sense
how to share posts with those who aren’t on this platform yet:
all-time high usage of this platform!
congratulations!
this is the way
this is the way
yeah, needs to be done
true
riots require getting off the couch
high djt percentage!
exactly
government efficiency 🙌
the 𝕏 platform reached another all-time high of usage this week!
true
seriously … the dots aren’t that hard to connect!
exactly
this is the way
sure sounds like he wants to subvert the will of the people!
charming
calling green voters “dipshits” is not a great way to win them over
he won’t deport his illegal voters unless he is forced to do so
yann is just fully an idiot
well, optimus is already doing some tasks in the factory and the scope of its ability is increasing rapidly. the toughest part by far is improving the design of optimus for ease of manufacturing and tooling up a complex supply chain, so it can be made in significant numbers.
marc is awesome. all’s well that ends well!
💯 people should be able to walk around their city without being assaulted!
if i’m so powerful, why does my back still hurt so much!? sigh.
yeah
that would just cause democrats to lose even more than they already have, since they way outspend republicans. and they have almost all of legacy media and social media on their side!
sounds pretty bad
wow, electricity prices are crazy high in the uk and europe!
in a properly functioning democracy, the people should get what the people want!
haha
america’s a team is usually building companies in the private sector once in a long time, reforming government is important enough that the a team allocates time to government. this is that time.
❤️🚀🇺🇸 woohoo lfg!!! 🇺🇸🚀❤️
the woke mind virus killed my son
wow, this is crazy!
yeah
news app in canada!
weird
exactly
when there are egregiously wrong legal judgments in a single state that substantially harm american citizens in all other 49 states, the federal government should take immediate corrective action
ccdh should be prosecuted for interference in us elections by a foreign entity, among their many crimes
he will be gone in the upcoming election
worth showing this again. you can see the mind virus spread rapidly, just like a physical virus.
major housecleaning is needed
the new york times is pure propaganda
true, that is encouraging to see 💫
very sensible
even 10 new reactors in america would be great
it’s now ok to state your political views
yeah
absolutely
so soothing
yup. something is seriously wrong with our “elite” colleges.
thanks
justice prevails. meanwhile, none of the many short sellers who egregiously manipulated tesla stock for years and lied repeatedly on tv have been prosecuted. not one.
absolutely
they say red light helps you sleep better
the others were sitting on yachts sipping cocktails, while i was giving talks on the ground in pennsylvania. turns out, people find the latter to be far more persuasive …
💯 many phds have the ego/abilty&gt;&gt;1 problem, so weak feedback loop.
those high-strung harpies must have taken at least 3 hits of xanax on election night 😂
jco is a bit of an extinctionist
someone should tell her that there is a cure for toxoplasmosis
starship is now more than twice as powerful as the saturn v moon rocket and, in a year or so, it will be three times as powerful at 10,000 metric tons of thrust. more importantly, it is designed to be fully reusable, burning ~80% liquid oxygen and ~20% liquid methane (very low
kimmel is an insufferable nonsense propaganda puppet
that’s a major factor
yeah
absolutely
academia and some “think tanks” are the origin of the extinctionist mind viruses
promising
worth noting that far more “billionaires” backed harris than trump and she raised almost 50% more money. nonetheless, america showed that elections aren’t just a function of money and gave trump a resounding victory!
yeah
true
yeah
yeah
play to win or don’t play at all
change your handle to . it’s more accurate.
interesting thread
guess they’ll have to dismantle that gulag they were building for me 🤣🤣
since the dawn of civilization
republicans are the centrist party that wants to restore freedom to the people, have a merit-based society, secure the border and put dangerous criminals in prison. this was the democratic party platform not that long ago.
the american people have made it absolutely clear that they utterly reject the current ruling class. radical reform of government is what they want.
barron is great
propaganda is far less effective when there is a real-time source of truth on 𝕏
for anyone, whether in america or other countries, who finds this result shocking, they should reconsider where they get their information. this trend was obvious on 𝕏 for months, but almost all the legacy mainstream media pushed a completely false reality. they lied to you.
this is nuts. schools are pushing radical leftist ideology on students instead of actually teaching them things!
arizona just declared for , making it a clean sweep of all swing states! massive red wave success! it is beyond a landslide, as republicans won: – presidency – popular vote – senate majority – house majority – state governor majority – state legislature majority
massive red wave
cool
interesting idea
it’s gonna be great 💫
woohoo 🇺🇸🇺🇸
i agree!
thank you for speaking truth at great risk
the truth will set you free
the people of america have spoken and spoken with absolute clarity
awesome
that would genuinely be amazing
those are great
nobody cares. nails on a chalkboard are preferable to hearing maddow talk.
good advice
great work!
exactly
given the unequivocal mandate given to from the people of america, winning not just the electoral college by a landslide, but also the popular vote, senate and house, there will be none of that nonsense this time. they won’t even try.
absolutely
must be absolute propaganda that people are getting in europe. x is the antidote!
crazy
radical reform of government is coming that will end stifling bureaucracy, insane deficit spending and return individual freedoms to the people
that would be so next-level awesome
it was epic
they really don’t
lil x gets the vibe 🔥🔥 out of nowhere several weeks ago, he said “dad, we have to help trump!”.
exactly. also, if you count total real people with x accounts, including those who only check in during major world events, the number is closer to 1 billion.
wow, that shows what level of propaganda they are being fed!
indeed
accurate assessment
😂 that’s because too many people in germany believe the legacy media. they should use this platform to find out what’s really going on.
the people of europe want change!
exactly
huge thank you to everyone who supported this platform and our mutual quest to support freedom of speech!
thank goodness!
indeed
i agree
they really don’t get it
cool
yeah
indeed
😂 i love . he is a mensch.
yeah
america one of the least racist nations on earth! definitely, the least so of any large country.
this is now possible
if you think of a country like a pro sports team that wants to win the championship, which is the right model in general, a good coach makes sure that the best players can play their best game
news should come from the people. from those actually on the scene and those who actually are subject-matter experts!
thanks scott!
the reality of this election was plain to see on 𝕏, while most legacy media lied relentlessly to the public. you are the media now. please post your thoughts &amp; observations on 𝕏, correct others when wrong and we will have at least one place in the world where you can come
i kept meaning to go to sleep, but this app kept dragging me back to wake 😂
efficient spending on things that matter to the public (which includes furthering our understanding of the universe) is the goal
it is morning in america again
nyt sucks. years ago, i read it all the time. now, i never do.
the californians i know who moved to texas are even extra texan marinated in texas sauce. for the love of god, please don’t let texas become california 🙏
yeah, it’s not a money problem at all
player of games is a great book
it was inevitable
he really is
nope
the future is gonna be fantastic
the people of america gave a crystal clear mandate for change tonight
this outcome was highly likely, given the 2024 early vote numbers vs 2020
you are the media now
for real
it was a close call
record usage of this platform!!
healing has begun
let that sink in
thank goodness
hell yeah!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
dunno, but this is his therapist rn 😂
very important to open dod/intel to entrepreneurial companies like yours. pay for outcomes, not requirements documents!
it is morning in america again 💫
🇺🇸🇺🇸the future is gonna be so 🔥 🇺🇸🇺🇸
yeah
yeah
sure it was a lot of pressure, but it pales by comparison with president , who they tried to kill twice, bankrupt and imprison for eternity
america is a nation of builders soon, you will be free to build
we will free the giant that is america. too long, it has been tied down, like gulliver, with millions of little strings.
true
the reality is that an enormous number of sensible, smart women voted for . he would not have won without them.
exactly
yeah
this is the way
so lit
i think so
long-form podcasts are by far the best way for people to understand candidates
𝕏 is the signal
game, set and match
great song
the prophecy has been fulfilled!
absolutely
makes it super obvious which side are the good guys
hear all sides of an issue on this platform, corrected further by the fully open source !
obviously
yeah
drag everyone you know to vote!!!
sure
i agree that we should not empower neocon warmongers
absolutely
true
freeform discussion about the election
it will get far worse
cool
i thought they said we were dead 🤣🤣
indeed 🙏
thanks for your stalwart support!
the amish may very well save america! thank goodness for them. and let’s keep the government out of their lives.
go vote right now! the future of the world is at stake!!
so bizarre
i find them interesting
just voted in cameron county, texas, home of starbase!
according to my pac team, this is on track to be solved
thanks for the clarification
major buffs to the other classes would be good. should be possible for perfectly geared, max level characters of all classes to clear t150 with good gameplay and right mobs/map.
video games are my main non-work, non-family/friends activity. it’s a bit embarrassing how much i play tbh ☺️
inexcusable
true
absolutely
haha so accurate!!
they are what they accuse trump of being
nice
it’s a good first step. will improve dramatically over the next few months.
congratulations anna! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
what today’s election feels like! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸team america 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
that was priority . democrat vs republican early voting in pennsylvania was better for dems than 2020 until just after 10/10. then a series of things happened that dramatically changed the picture to where dems are now ~600k votes worse than 2020 going into election day.
of course
and let us strive for ever greater heights!
i know it’s sacrilege 😂 but, honestly, slices of beef sautéed in a pepper sauce are 🔥🔥
yeah
i switched by breakfast steak to medium-well sautéed in strips. it’s amazing. tbone or filet medium-rare with a warm center is what i usually have at a restaurant.
the cavalry has arrived. men are voting in record numbers. they now realize everything is at stake.
this is a massive sea change
yeah
these voting machines have terrible reliability
test drive a tesla and see for yourself!
good chance nh goes red
literally
send links to your friends so that they know what’s really going on
the legacy media hope that a hoax a day keeps djt away. it won’t work.
for sure
i’m still sad about a harmless pet squirrel &amp; racoon being executed by the government
can’t believe that this is actually happening in britain!
strange that no one has copied spacex after all this time
yeah
yeah
pretty accurate 😂
congrats on the 400th launch!
below are the r minus d early vote deltas in swing states before tomorrow. republican turnout on election day is usually much higher than democrat, so any state currently leaning r in early voting is very likely to side with trump. pennsylvania, while still leaning d, has a
this platform is the top source of news on earth!
yeah
he is part of our coalition
they are part of our coalition
the pac team and partner orgs have put immense effort into the republican ground game. if there was ever a better executed republican ground game, i would like to learn from it.
same
would be great to have megyn in some capacity in the new administration
great speech by !
the final blow
yeah
forgot to mention plus coffee
vote to preserve democracy!
interesting thread
yeah
make orwell fiction again!
1:59 is insanely fast. people have no idea how difficult that is.
which is why you should vote for !
warlock shield activated! 😂
new hampshire is naturally pro trump imo. live free or die.
yeah
true 😂
yeah
the only reason to ban voter id is to make fraud impossible to prove
just one
my kids introduced me to the game! i went down a deep polytopia rabbit hole for a while. got to on perfection once and a 1609 elo, then had to pull the plug, as it was taking up too much cognitive load even when i wasn’t playing the game.
wow, the situation is even more insane than i realized!
actually, i do play diablo with my eldest boy (and friends in different cities). online games are a good way to stay in touch with people around the world.
i play diablo during my daily 3 hour conversations with putin
really looks like the same person
that’s not what i’m seeing
same picture
mark cuban is looking younger! what’s his secret??
seriously. how do people keep foaming at the mouth for almost a decade!?
tomorrow’s vote is a fork in human destiny
just followed
absolutely
the counter to misinformation is not censorship, but better information
vote for or the dems will legalize so many illegals in swing states that this will be the last real election in america. agrees.
vote for !
speaking of misinformation …
8 years ago
it just gets crazier and crazier!
instead of a town hall q&amp;a tonight, i recommend listening to this discussion about the election i had today with joe rogan
he never not misses 😂
epic party trick tbh
worth listening to this episode before end of voting tomorrow
the ocd level required for this is extremely high 🤣🤣
good question
yeah
tough sledding, but it will work out in the end
alarming, yet soothing
interesting. well, i think china is smart to aim for a fully reusable rocket. other countries should also do so. it is the fundamental breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary.
this is so dark
precision ftw
the hammer of justice is coming
what the hell!?
exactly
if it is close, that is what they will do
sounds like lecan’t stopped taking his psych meds again 😂 wtf is he talking about?
i’m doing a digital town hall on 𝕏 tonight at 8:30 et
that’s what happens when people believe the legacy “mainstream” media
it is the best system
arresting me is their wet dream!
it will get far worse under a kamala puppet regime
the dems will tell whatever lie wins the election
accurate
i’ve lost all respect for obama
cool
vote for an exciting future with !
great ideas!
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 let’s go, america!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
such an utterly insane thing to say
please check to make sure your mail in ballot was accepted
😂 true unfortunately, by “misinformation”, they actually mean anything that contradicts their lies.
yeah
true
exactly
tds broke their brains
madness …
i sure hope so!
🇺🇸🇺🇸 i love this 🇺🇸🇺🇸
i hope so
me too
sam harris is, ironically, irrationality personified
he sure did
happy birthday!
when a politician says they want to stop “misinformation”, what they really mean is that they want to stop anyone from contradicting their lies
yeah, it’s wild
starlink is working to increase internet capacity in dense urban areas in africa as fast as possible. please note that there is still significant capacity outside of city centers.
be fair to all
troubling …
freedom of speech rocks
i sure hope so!
it’s true
great, that sounds awesome
what he said 👇
cool
that is how they want to run america
nh is naturally red
they still don’t
yeah
yikes
still hard to believe that starship is real
true
yeah
necessary
yeah
yeah
red wave next-level lfg!!!
the are running on empty
it’s insane. even when i offer to show them the original video – the actual source material! – they will refuse to watch it.
🎶 we been spending most our lives livin' in an amish paradise 🎶
💯 i sure as 💩 don’t remember voting for the un
so here’s the thing …
exactly
how ironic that the same people on the left who say that they want to stop “disinformation” are also the ones pushing debunked hoaxes relentlessly …
occasional bs or exaggeration is one thing – anyone in politics does that – but pushing repeated, deliberate, calculated lies over and over again is outrageous
yeah, if we lose this election it is game tf over
yeah 😔
true, that instinct runs deep
exactly
last election, i didn’t know a single independent/swing voter who was voting for trump. this time, i don’t know anyone who isn’t. and one person after another has confided in me that they’re voting for trump, but they’re afraid to say so publicly, because it will affect their
yeah, it’s totally insane. the only reason to ban id is to make voting fraud untraceable. obviously.
i waited to see if the governor or any members of the legislature would contradict her, but no one spoke up, so … message received
true
he is lying
yeah
indeed, enough is enough
exactly
having kids is a vote for the future
one day, he will admit his love 💕
yeah!
so messed up. how many times does this happen that we never hear about?
stephen, you pay more attention than my biggest fans 🥰
i can’t believe you counted how many posts i’ve made lmaooo
vote for pnut! for liberty! for freedom!
whoa, this is crazy!
funny that she has never said a word about soros, who has cumulatively put a hundred times more money into elections than i have 🤔 if i can figure out 🚀science with spacex and 🧠 surgery with neuralink, then maybe i can figure out politics too 🤷‍♂️
there isn’t even enough helium produced on earth to supply a high flight rate starship
i’ve seriously had it with this bullshit! it’s such an insult to the american public.
true. they stole the nomination from . it was wrong.
the number of times that the dems have deliberately pushed this hoax – a calculated lie – is unconscionable!
thanks mom 🥰 🇺🇸
true
community notes ftw again
futile
live on this platform tomorrow and tuesday!
two more town halls! anyone can join.
congrats, brian of wisconsin!
absolutely
iron man dies to defeat thanos in avengers: end game. i just need to stay alive long enough to see my kids grow up and humanity on mars.
similar situation in the usa
nice piece
it is unfair, even if snl did so unintentionally, given that nbc is allowed to use public airwaves for free
they can earn double income, go on vacation, whatever they want. it’s a good deal.
seriously
cool
exactly
good point
they already do in many deep blue states
inevitable
indeed
thanks steve!
the propaganda level is crazy
send people links to the actual source data on all it takes is for people to hear ’s actual speeches or to see a compilation of jewish speakers at the msg rally to start realizing how much they were lied to by legacy media.
yeah
true
but the legacy media says this never happens
making good progress
they never actually move to canada (unfortunately)
it is not ok for the government to barge into your home and kill your pets! what has become of the land of the free?
the trump administration will make evidence-based decisions. for my part, i will certainly strongly and publicly oppose anything based on mystical nonsense! my inclination is in favor of fluoride, but i am open to hearing evidence against it too.
she’s so out of touch
what it’s like if someone only watches legacy media 😂 they aren’t just drinking the kool-aid, they’re swimming in it! vital to send links to your friends.
yeah, that futile attempt to sway the election using public airwaves was not cool
💯 those are their stated goals! unless wins, this will be the last election. the dems will legalize all the illegals in swing states, so there be no more swing states. america will become a one-party, deep blue socialist state.
literally zero
yeah
yeah
the hypocrisy level is astounding
cool
i’m pretty sure that never happened even once
power to the people!
obviously
correct. as of yesterday’s data, d vs r early votes are 602k worse for d than 2020 when biden only had an 80k margin of victory. that is almost 10% of the probable electorate (6.9m voted in 2020)! unless something very strange happens, ds will have a blowout loss in pa.
citizen journalism is the only way to break out of the legacy media propaganda machine. send link to your friends!
cool
putting only one presidential candidate on right before the election was not cool, but this is very funny 😂
cool 😎
their new name is dnn (disinformation news network)
she’s the nitwit who claimed people in the hood don’t know how to use the internet🤦‍♂️
absolutely
doesn’t that seem insanely messed up?
there should be no need for foia requests. all government data should be default public for maximum transparency.
they are so desperate that they’re willing to violate election laws!
i’m this accurate ?
what??
so true
she wants to break the constitution
what a cruel thing to say
exactly. it is easy for cheney to send others to die while having fancy dinners in dc, but she would think very differently if on the front lines herself.
correct. in fact, spacex received only half the money that boeing did to develop a crewed spacecraft, yet has done all the completed missions!
every year, your freedom is eroded with millions of new rules. high time your freedom was restored!
exactly
i put the last of my the money i made from paypal into that round. had nothing left, not even a house.
does seem to break the equal airtime on public spectrum rule
yeah
support the right to bear arms!
deeply wrong
her sad question to the snl cast member hoping she was registered to vote in pennsylvania tells it all: that state is the key to the election and she’s losing badly.
yeah
yeah
cool 😎
ironically, the democrats are massively outspending republicans in this election!! i would gladly take the deal that all money needs to come out of politics. the dems would be far worse off.
pennsylvania is on track for a major republican victory. the gap between 2024 and 2020 is now over 600k, which almost 10% of the entire electorate!
yeah
exactly
her name is shrub, the hedgehog
many of these ngos are heavily funded by the government, which makes them a gngo self-licking ice cream cone. only way to break this is to elect politicians who will stop funding them.
same. raccoon too. why not just release them into the woods?
what it’s like living in a swing state
thanks!
haha exactly
true
our hedgehog loves running on her wheel for hours!
the government should not be allowed to barge into your house and kill your pet! that’s messed up. even if it is illegal to have a pet squirrel (which it shouldn’t be), why kill pnut instead of simply releasing him into the forest!?
yeah
this is something new for an historically deep blue city!
true. i would actually tell my mom that she should be more skeptical that i’m right!
well put
yeah
people will have died for 2 years for no meaningful change in borders
this “cybergamer420” guy is pretty good 👀 🤭
rogan is right
the more you dig, the crazier it gets. legacy media sits upon a throne of lies!
should be called disinformation news network! dnn, not cnn.
walz is a lying 🤡
the so-called “secure the border bill” would have converted illegals to legal immigrants, legalized the illegal actions of the biden administration and done nothing to reduce illegal immigration. it was a wolf in sheep’s clothing. any given piece of legislation will do the
big numbers
legacy media election interference
sounds about right. units of cognition and also robot-seconds of use. they will be fine-grained, but very low cost.
wow, that is serious air time! i got to around 600 hours and then had to stop flying, as i needed to work while aloft.
why citizen journalism is vastly superior to legacy media journalism
he called me “gay” and now he wants to touch my ass 🤣🤣🥲🥲
why is the democratic party so cruel?
democratic party priority list …
actually true. worth noting that criminals vote overwhelmingly for democrats, because they are the soft-on-crime party. the democratic party is literally the party of criminals! just a statement of fact.
take a long trip in a tesla and everything just works
cybertruck is tougher than a bag of nails
i’m hearing this a lot
wow, this is crazy
the onion is less funny than a clown in a ⁦⁩ novel! defeat the woke mind virus to make comedy legal again.
another puppet who can’t even talk without being fed the words. the kamala campaign has no authenticity or true empathy.
it’s a team of nice people
no amount of diddy party “celebrity” endorsements can save kamala
yeah! also, the legacy media says you’re far right if you care about the government killing pet squirrels …
it’s messed up. i don’t want my tax dollars going to kill people’s pets!
𝕏 is 🥜 for 🐿️ rn
government overreach in action
misplaced priorities
the guardian is super racist
𝕏 is now in germany!
he is the one
highly recommend reading or anything by tim urban. you will learn a lot about the world, clearly explained with evidence to back it up.
the government is a mindless and heartless killing machine
“if you strike me down, i will become more powerful than you could possibly imagine” obi pnut kenobi
yeah, it’s insane
the government should leave people and their animals alone
the legacy media is the propaganda arm of the radical leftists, so will immediately go after anyone who merely wants centrist policies and fairness for all. the policy positions of my pac are just common sense and moderate by any reasonable definition.
the illusion of him being in charge has been broken. he was always just a puppet, as is kamala.
government overreach kidnapped an orphan squirrel and executed him …
exactly. the reason that the public no longer trusts the legacy media is that the media has been exposed as lying too many times to count. legacy media absolutely deserves the lack of respect and ridicule it gets. just yesterday, the legacy media tried to claim that
president will save the squirrels 🐿️ 😢 rip p’nut
anyone with an extinctionist philosophy hates expansionists
all lives matter
yup, and their leftist billionaire supporters
time to stop the propaganda being force fed to kids in schools
she’s a happy hypocrite with soros’s money, but is now just being a sore loser
republican early vote now is massively ahead of where it was in 2020. if this trend continues, then will win (and i hope he does)
this platform is the top source of news on earth!
it’s part of the prophecy
derivation of moments of inertia from first principles. there are some pages missing from the post.
there is nowhere to go. this election is a verdict on civilization.
becker is a liar
exactly
even if everyone in music &amp; entertainment endorses the kamala puppet, it won’t matter. the public sees through it.
ideas that cannot stand debate will die, unless all debate about them is shut down
starlink will become standard
yup, major problem
legacy media lies
department of government efficiency
super important to share links so people know what’s really happening
cool
worth forwarding this to friends &amp; family
vote for for an exciting future!
vote like your life depends on it
legacy media lies licentiously
is a taker, not a maker. never made anything useful to other people in his entire, very long life.
worth watching this documentary to understand the
mark cuban is looking younger
that will be a very long document!
thanks 🫡
coming very soon
vastly better maps/nav coming soon
sure
yeah, it’s terrible. had to upgrade old linux os and a bunch of drivers first. major browser upgrades coming to all cars in a few months. note, will be slower at first until code is optimized.
similar total size. maybe slightly bigger to account for a really gamechanging (i think) feature i’d like to add.
sustainable energy production with solar and batteries will grow much faster than auto on a percentage basis. that will be a big focus next year, with primary remaining model 3 ramp.
was gonna say we’ll do all but the last, but that last one sounds like good, cheesy fun :)
should be in next update
done
i promise that we will make a pickup truck right after model y. have had the core design/engineering elements in my mind for almost 5 years. am dying to build it.
sorry for the delay. we have the most advanced ai neural net of any consumer product by far, so it’s going through exhaustive testing. the results are blowing me away though and i think you will have a similar experience.
wanted again to send a note of deep gratitude to tesla owners ww for taking a chance on a new company that all experts said would fail. so much blood, sweat &amp; tears from the tesla team went into creating cars that you’d truly love. i hope you do. how can we improve further?
we will! at least, whatever is left over after we build the obelisks.
the circle is complete
hats sold out, flamethrowers soon!
it does often seem that the most entertaining belief or outcome is the most likely to prevail
true
so strange that people often believe things inversely proportionate to the evidence. given a set of possible explanations, why pick the extremely unlikely one!?
having a sinking feeling that most people actually do think it was aliens …
when you get the new tesla software update, go ho ho ho. there’s an easter egg inside the easter egg, but it’s not funny.
46k limited edition boring hats sold, 4k to go. then flamethrower.
i think last night might have been the biggest rorschach test ever
isn’t it obvious?
if you liked tonight’s launch, you will really like falcon heavy next month: 3 rocket cores &amp; 3x thrust. 2 cores return to base doing synchronized aerobatics. 3rd lands on droneship.
never heard of it
nuclear alien ufo from north korea
it was definitely aliens
launch underway
his “phd” is in literature (really), presumably bad fiction
how much is it?
i love twitter
bloody hell, i’m going to have to write a blog. can’t fit this into tweets.
i would only call someone an idiot if people were mistakenly under the impression that the person was smart
however, public transit is obviously not fully solving the problem, as most major cities have been in traffic hell for decades with no solution in sight. multi-level tunnels can solve this, but we need much better tunneling technology, as it is currently super slow and expensive.
major navigation overhaul coming in early 2018. will be light-years ahead of current system, but we are testing it rigorously before rolling out.
for the record, i actually love trains, most subways and london buses.
idiots can be very dangerous when they seem smart, but aren’t (having “phd” in their bio is a dead giveaway), as some policymakers may get fooled. that’s what really bothered me about that human cat meme / transit “expert”.
glad to see that tesla owners are having a good experience. working to improve further. some cool software updates coming soon.
sorry about that. thanks for letting me know. will get it fixed.
with people around, so you can see scale
if things go perfectly, all three rocket booster cores will come back and land. sides back at the cape, center on the droneship.
falcon heavy launching from same pad as the saturn v apollo 11 moon rocket. it was 50% higher thrust with five f-1 engines at 7.5m lb-f. i love that rocket so much.
max thrust at lift-off is 5.1 million pounds or 2300 metric tons. first mission will run at 92%.
hate it when that happens. some people are so rude!
falcon heavy at the cape
knight rider is real
thanks!
for now, we only use those on super hot reentry missions. will go to all ti with falcon 9 v5, which is a few months away.
where’s the evidence!?
i also support the concave earth and hollow globe societies. just covering my bases …
meant to say “sanctimonious idiot”
good point. it’s just a really bad and fundamentally misleading article that doesn’t actually represent my point of view at all. other publications referred to it as an “interview”.
you’re an idiot
this depressingly misleading &amp; misanthropic article came from a very brief digression at an ai conf, not from an interview with wired as is falsely implied. this is why i stopped following wired long ago. there are way better tech pubs out there.
yeah, pretty much anywhere
10 hat aficionados, in appreciation for their exquisite taste in millinery, will be picked at random to tour the la tunnel &amp; drive boring machine
our existence cannot just be about solving one miserable problem after another. there need to be reasons to live.
it is high time that humanity went beyond earth. should have a moon base by now and sent astronauts to mars. the future needs to inspire.
and those are just the really big ones. the permian was especially bad, unless you were a mushroom.
i know it’s a little off-brand, but kids love it
after 50k hats, we will start selling the boring company flamethrower
over 30,000 hats sold!
plus a towel and a sign saying “don’t panic”
on tuesday, spacex will attempt to refly both an orbital rocket and spacecraft for the first…
do it
the *real* money comes from merchandising. i learned it from this documentary
deal
that special hat delivery will take place deep within the real, but fictional (of course), tunnel we are building under la while you drive the giant machine blindfolded. this will actually happen.
beyond anything you can imagine
and, at the risk of stating the obvious, extremely boring
because it’s stupid
maybe
every 5000th buyer of our boringly boring hat will get a free hat signed by the delivery guy
to preserve the transcendent majesty &amp; specialness of the boring company cap, we are capping cap orders at 50,000 caps. almost there ...
that’s certainly the right way to go to store massive amounts of data for a long time
i love the thought of a car drifting apparently endlessly through space and perhaps being discovered by an alien race millions of years in the future
red car for a red planet
yeah
payload will be my midnight cherry tesla roadster playing space oddity. destination is mars orbit. will be in deep space for a billion years or so if it doesn’t blow up on ascent.
falcon heavy to launch next month from apollo 11 pad at the cape. will have double thrust of next largest rocket. guaranteed to be exciting, one way or another.
what does it look like?
racing video part 2
model x races a gasoline sports car while towing a sports car
electric pods for sure. rails maybe, maybe not.
a loop is like a hyperloop, but without drawing a vacuum inside the tube. don’t need to get rid of air friction for short routes.
the boring company will compete to fund, build &amp; operate a high-speed loop connecting chicago o’hare airport to downtown
why is there no flat mars society!?
as i’ve said before, i am definitely a martian
not true. a friend sent me part of a btc a few years, but i don’t know where it is.
mars sky is the opposite of earth blue sunrise and sunset red during the day
wow, they played d&amp;d in d&amp;d
it’s there. just unfold the visor and lift the cover.
otherwise you’d only see a blur
got to regulate ai/robotics like we do food, drugs, aircraft &amp; cars. public risks require public oversight. getting rid of the faa wdn’t make flying safer. they’re there for good reason.
this is nothing. in a few years, that bot will move so fast you’ll need a strobe light to see it. sweet dreams…
thanksgiving in the rockies. love my bro . radishing t-shirt courtesy of his company,…
adjusting soon
congratulations to the tesla crew and south australian authorities who worked so hard to get this manufactured and installed in record time!
initial hat offering going great w over $300k in hat sales already! thanks for buying our super boring hat. you rock, figuratively &amp; literally. all cash goes directly towards more boring.
for one thing, aliens obv built the pyramids! who but aliens could have figured out how to align and stack stone blocks in a series of concentric squares!? um, ok, i guess maybe people.
not saying the next gen roadster special upgrade package *will* definitely enable it to fly short hops, but maybe … certainly possible. just a question of safety. rocket tech applied to a car opens up revolutionary possibilities.
should clarify that this is the base model performance. there will be a special option package that takes it to the next level.
sorry, date is tomorrow night at 8pm. this pic is from the old invite.
it can transform into a robot, fight aliens and make one hell of a latte
do you really believe that someone’s life should be ruined if they make a single offensive comment for which they then sincerely apologize?
that is a *counterpoint* to illustrate absurdity, meaning that obviously a single careless statement should *not* ruins someone’s life
... say scientists — among other insights gained — after a large vat of lsd overturned in the lab. also discovered: humans are just sentient sponges, drywall tastes like a marshmallow and gravity is real. the last point remains heavily debated.
tesla semi truck unveil to be webcast live on thursday at 8pm! this will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension. just need to find my portal gun ...
sunset at the gigafactory
sure ...
"if one day, my words are against science, choose science." mustafa kemal atatürk
i placed the flowers three broken ribs a pierced lung and still he fought for peace at…
one rocket, slightly toasted
500 ft so far. should be 2 miles long in three or four months and hopefully stretch the whole 405 n-s corridor from lax to the 101 in a year or so.
picture of the boring company la tunnel taken yesterday
btw, just want to express a word of appreciation for the hard work of the tesla gigafactory team. reason i camped on the roof was because it was less time than driving to a hotel room in reno. production hell, ~8th circle …
whiskey, fire, s’mores and jc also, hotdog or not hotdog?
campfire on the gigafactory roof
just feed it the godfather movies as input. what’s the worst that could happen?
it’s true tho
groan
on the list of people who should absolutely *not* be allowed to develop digital superintelligence...
yeah, don't exactly need to be sherlock holmes.
it won't even need to ask you most of the time
a reminder of the youth of our 10,000 year (to be generous) civilization. we are not even a flash in the pan compared to the 4,500,000,000 year age of earth. i won't even bother mentioning the age of the universe.
not ready to do a proper announcement yet, but maybe in a month or so. maryland has been awesome to work with and just wanted to say thanks.
but the hat is real!
congratulations to coulter tilton of missouri, buyer of hat 5000! you have won a free hat signed by the boring team.
now at 6400 hats …
there is an actual tunnel and it's getting longer every day
it all comes full circle
second boring machine almost ready. will be called line-storm, after the poem by frost. "and be my love in the rain."
and credit for the logo art to jj abrams
almost 4000 hats sold so far. whoever buys the 5000th gets a free hat with their hat!
btw, credit for the boring company name goes to
gonna build that tunnel one hat at a time
the world's most boring hat
amazing sim of neutron stars colliding
that was a joke. i didn't realize people actually used those.
yesterday's reddit ask me anything about bfr. you're welcome nk!
bfr ama on r/space in 2 hours
and other places
that's just to win our hyperloop student competition in ~1 mile tube. practical version would have a turbo compressor on front taking ram air pressure at near sonic to hypersonic speeds &amp; driving that thru air skiis &amp; rearward for thrust.
party time!
to be more inclusive, how about a "pick your tech level" setting. could make the tesla sound like horses (coconuts!), chariots, steam engines, gasoline cars, ...
aim for 10 kn of thrust on a 200 kg sled. a=f/m ... game over.
stamping model 3 body panels (real-time)
i own two gasoline cars. one is a model t that a friend gave me and the other is a series 1 '67 e-type roadster. my first love.
no, but i do have a gundam wing
this weekend
just posted a photo
very high pressure air cold gas thruster
the last of ten iridium global communication satellites delivered to orbit several hundred miles…
everything all at once
that is actual speed. it is slowed down right now to confirm build consistency and so that a person can stop the robots in time if something goes wrong.
the model 3 body line slowed down to 1/10th speed
jupiter is big
don't underestimate the power of chakras
just kept working on my crown chakra and boom! don't let anyone tell you magic isn't real. warning, extremely powerful
this doesn't even *seem* innocent
you forgot to add the video version of their response
assume the worst. now i need to get back to work...
answers: yes. no. doesn't matter.
there is only one config being built right now, so the only question is "what color?". don't need a configurator for that.
bear in mind that the production ramp is an exponential curve. late oct is possible, but not certain. literally every day makes a big difference.
dec will be a big month, so probably, but it is impossible to be certain right now
yeah
i'm doing my best to recalibrate, but that is a fair criticism. however, if i wasn't inherently optimistic, i wouldn't be doing electric cars and rockets in the first place!
med medical equipment has priority
probably 6 to 8 weeks
you'll know as soon as we do. we are deep in production hell 🔥
or do you?
high pain tolerance
semi specs are better than anything i've seen reported so far. semi eng/design team work is aces, but other needs are greater right now.
tesla semi unveil now nov 16. diverting resources to fix model 3 bottlenecks &amp; increase battery production for puerto rico &amp; other affected areas.
not good. sounds like some 3rd party installers are taking advantage of powerwall demand &gt;&gt; supply. taking action …
the internal tesla powerwall install team in pr is very small right now. sending experienced installers from continental us to hire &amp; train local team as fast as possible.
tesla always charges the same price for a powerwall (only taxes &amp; shipping costs vary), so something is messed up here. i've asked my team to stop shipment to any installers charging excessive premiums.
sounds good, i look forward to talking later today
i would be happy to talk. hopefully, tesla can be helpful.
hell yeah, with that crew, we will party like escobar and cobain wish they could've partied!!
we should definitely get a room ...
i know that closet is nice and warm, but it's time you admitted you are one of the creators of the next one. everyone already knows and we will still love you just as much (almost).
i'm auditioning to be a roofing spokesmodel in the greater reno area
the singularity for this level of the simulation is coming soon. i wonder what the levels above us look like. good chance they are less interesting and deeper levels are better. so far, even our primitive sims are often more entertaining than reality itself.
final episode was disgustingly good
i believe i can fly
aiming for two rocket landings in 48 hours this weekend
it would need to refill to return, but it could get to jupiter with low payload
homes on jupiter with solar-power *and* a powerwall going right now for great price!
assuming max acceleration of 2 to 3 g's, but in a comfortable direction. will feel like a mild to moderate amusement park ride on ascent and then smooth, peaceful &amp; silent in zero gravity for most of the trip until landing.
fly to most places on earth in under 30 mins and anywhere in under 60. cost per seat should be…
bfr will take you anywhere on earth in less than 60 mins
mars city opposite of earth. dawn and dusk sky are blue on mars and day sky is red.
will be announcing something really special at today's talk
just another day in the office
congrats mom! i love you.
prev ideas for paying ~$10b dev cost incl. kickstarter &amp; collecting underpants, which turned out to be um... less lucrative than expected
headed to adelaide soon to describe new bfr planetary colonizer design in detail . this should be worth seeing. design feels right.
yes, i did :)
good nyt article from several years ago about the value of fiction
simulation of how the spacex interplanetary spaceship and rocket design would work. will be…
good
major improvements &amp; some unexpected applications to be unveiled on friday at in australia
presentation of interplanetary spaceship &amp; rocket design from 2016
that's not a lot of money for a giant like daimler/mercedes. wish they'd do more. off by a zero.
don't give up if the cause is important enough, even if you believe you are walking into doom. good friends really matter.
absolutely. moreover, we expect to expand the facility significantly over time.
does my hivemind count as me?
def not ok. just sent a reminder to tesla stores that we just want people to look forward to their next visit. that's what really matters.
in discussions with national govt. just need a temporary reprieve on local content requirements until we can build a factory in india.
what if we just made a mini version of the tesla semi?
of course :)
high res version at
most of it
long road to reusabity of falcon 9 primary boost stage…when upper stage &amp; fairing also reusable, costs will drop by a factor &gt;100.
actually ... yes
promise to be as boring as possible!
exactly
astronaut spacesuit next to crew dragon
fun, exciting tweets coming soon!
sorry about that. you're right. i was depressing myself too :(
govts don't need to follow normal laws. they will obtain ai developed by companies at gunpoint, if necessary.
should be low on our list of concerns for civilizational existential risk. nk has no entangling alliances that wd polarize world into war.
nk launching a nuclear missile would be suicide for their leadership, as sk, us and china wd invade and end the regime immediately
may be initiated not by the country leaders, but one of the ai's, if it decides that a prepemptive strike is most probable path to victory
china, russia, soon all countries w strong computer science. competition for ai superiority at national level most likely cause of ww3 imo.
it begins ...
putting together spacex rocket landing blooper reel. we messed up a lot before it finally worked, but there's some epic explosion footage …
not a bad idea. for sure, it makes sense to test ai for safety in some kind of open world / sandbox virtual world.
in about six months or so. linked to dual motor config.
we took the spacex/tesla hyperloop pusher pod for a spin by itself a few days ago to see what it…
tunnels are sealed to 5 atmospheres of water &amp; gas pressure. just need walls around the apertures.
not sure, but probably
feature coming soon
they're so real. anyone going to that much trouble must really care. i'd gladly follow their commands, but they're so friggin obtuse …
that's pretty much why we did it
worth reading life 3.0 by . ai will be the best or worst thing ever for humanity, so let’s get it right.
hyperloop (near) vacuum tube runs parallel to spacex on jack northrop blvd. it is 0.8 miles long and just under 6 ft in diameter.
brakes
will run the spacex pusher sled later this week and see what it can do
moon base alpha (cheesy show, but i loved it) plus mars
not that this is remotely equiv to man on the moon, but there is a world of difference between talking about some random idea and doing it
actually, no, his architecture was different. also, thinking of going to the moon and actually going to the moon are not the same thing.
hyperloop pod run by team warr
the ai could def find us there, but maybe it won't care
a model s in the boring company tunnel being dug under los angeles (starting in hawthorne)
yes, it is
a tiny one
btw, high accel only needed because tube is short. for passenger transport, this can be spread over 20+ miles, so no spilt drinks.
no such thing as true vacuum, so actually yes
call it ~800mph
might be possible to go supersonic in our test hyperloop tube, even though it's only 0.8 miles long. very high accel/decel needed …
congratulations to warr team from tech univ munich for winning 2nd competition! peak speed of 324 km/h, which is over 200 mph!!
just arrived at the competition final. student teams have amazing talent!
i hope they and any others trying to advance transport technology succeed
exactly. wouldn't let anyone invest more than a token amount in early rounds of spacex and tesla, as the probability of failure was &gt;90%.
sorry! coming next year, along with completing the trans-canada highway and interconnecting us, mexico and central america.
funny thing is, whenever i suggest all companies go to zero incentives, room gets very quiet. that's because others get a lot more than us.
literally zero incentive laws were put into place by my companies. zero. others put them in place. happy to go to zero incentives for all.
i'm not an investor. just believe in putting money into my own companies. don't think the opm approach is right.
the latter. there are pretty long gaps between each team run, so livestream is not the way to go.
from last year, but still my favorite video of the falcon 9 rocket booster returning from space…
spacex and the boring company are running the hyperloop competition
tesla does not really have "ttunes". that's a joke.
will be hanging with my little chum, gary, on sunday
let me check on that for you. found the answer right here: 🔥💩
it was misinterpreted by rolfe at wsj as a fundraising effort. neuralink is not seeking investors.
wsj has been laboriously negative for over a decade. i'm surprised they haven't bored their readers to death by now.
max recovered booster velocity was mach 7.9 (bulgariansat). energy is velocity squared, so this is a bigger difference than it appears
max velocity: mach 6.9 max altitude: 247 km highest so far, but velocity matters much more
probably 2m or so
exactly. yeah.
intentionally? yes
it is approximately the size of a carrot
touchdown: vertical velocity (m/s): -1.47 lateral velocity (m/s): -0.15 tilt (deg): 0.40 ​ lateral position: 0.7m from target center
falcon 9 boost stage on droneship just read the instructions
a midnight amendment, followed by a vigorously opposed subpoena. someone has been naughty …
i played those games :)
that's a spacex engineer in there, not me
new model x suv now faster than a $500k lamborghini
yeah. it's kinda disgusting, but my boys and i love it :)
first picture of spacex spacesuit. more in days to follow. worth noting that this actually works…
i would say that is the greatest publication in the history of all conscious beings, living or dead
i'm not the ceo of ball mason jars. also, not judging …
was at a friend's party this weekend and drank wine from a mason jar
i can't hide the truth any more …
watching eclipse with sunglasses on through the model s glass roof. wow!
spacex rocket factory as seen from space
yeah, but not a priority right now
i'm not coming for anything. just digging some tunnels and might draw a vacuum on some of them.
we are going to move all info and settings to the "cloud" (aka server) so any tesla you drive in the world automatically adjusts to you
pics of spacex spacesuit developed for nasa commercial crew program coming out next week. undergoing ocean landing mobility/safety tests.
totally agree. this was a foolish oversight.
at some point. features are prioritized by importance * number of owners likely to benefit.
yeah. that's been on the future feature list for a while. need to make sure rain sensor doesn't false positive or drain battery.
will prob do something like that
problem is possible impact on curbs or ground objects with the car itself or door swing arc
will do. also, we need to make it a lot easier to adjust the headrest.
yeah, it should probably automatically adjust to the user config of whoever is closest to a given door when the handle is touched
good point. we will add that to all cars in one of the upcoming software releases.
i love kermit
but you can check it out on . btw, this isn't a video, like cliff diving or fake rocket landings, that matters if it's reversed.
wigs me out too much. deleting ...
yes, just that the permitting process is slow
i want one too!
tesla powerwalls can support houses of any size, but the cool thing is we can tow this house around with a model x!
the danger is def high for south korea, due to proximity, but much less for distant targets like the us. sk anti-missile tech is excellent.
we certainly could, but, while not suggesting complacency, i'm confident that the us dod and intelligence orgs have this covered
12th mission of our dragon robotic space freighter in support of the
first draft animation of the falcon heavy three core launch. fh is twice the thrust of the next…
for sure
biggest impediment to recognizing ai danger are those so convinced of their own intelligence they can't imagine anyone doing what they can't
would like to express our appreciation to microsoft for use of their azure cloud computing platform. this required massive processing power.
it is far too complex for that. requires a team of the world's best ai researchers with massive computing resources.
nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. ai should be too.
i sure hope so, but we can't take that for granted
if you're not concerned about ai safety, you should be. vastly more risk than north korea.
openai first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive esports. vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess &amp; go.
coming soon ...
hi mom!
a level 9 orc illusionist and dressmaker
this is about as true as time being a paragon of great journalism. please spend at least 8 seconds checking your facts.
just because i have the outfit and the awesome weapons doesn't make me a ninja. that requires years of training.
there are dozens of bogus or half-true anecdotes don't really matter &amp; maybe 5 to 10 that do. guess i could post for those interested.
one other i'd like to correct from the biography: i never said i was a samurai. said i was ninja. no, that's a joke. didn't say that either.
mb was given 52 weeks of salary &amp; stock in appreciation for her great contribution &amp; left to join a small firm, once again as a generalist
mary beth was an amazing assistant for over 10 yrs, but as company complexity grew, the role required several specialists vs one generalist
of all the bogus anecdotes, this one troubles me the most. ashlee never actually ran this story by me or my assistant. it is total nonsense.
ashlee vance's biography is mostly correct, but also rife with errors &amp; never independently fact-checked, despite my request that he do so
major increases in the supercharger and tesla urban charger network happening over the next several months
first draft animation of the falcon heavy three core launch. fh is twice the thrust of the next…
i agree. working on it ...
it's only a matter of time
true, although the changemyview subreddit is least likely to be clicked on by people who really should change their view
arguments, followed, of course, by complaints
are you complaining that we are not complaining enough?
and let's not forget the forum on which we are posting… i've heard - now this is just a rumor - that people say mean things on twitter.
like i said ...
it gets really dark
true, there are frequent complaint expansion packs
officially verified as the first production electric car to exceed 1000km on a single charge! congratulations tesla owners italia!!
i guess a proof of concept is needed
looking forward to launching astronauts to the international space station next year!
sorry about that. you certainly should have been. will get you guys in a car right away.
no, must brake safely to a halt
spacex student hyperloop top speed competition coming up soon!
we poured our heart into the car. hope you love it.
sure hope so
batteries!
thoughtful model 3 review by , one of the most insightful journalists
there are several dozen ship names in the culture series, but i liked those best
yeah, it's better than a model 3. we can put a lot more in a car at a higher price.
i'm sure there are better answers than what i do, which is just take the pain and make sure you really care about what you're doing
if you buy a ticket to hell, it isn't fair to blame hell ...
maybe not medically tho. dunno. bad feelings correlate to bad events, so maybe real problem is getting carried away in what i sign up for.
yeah
the reality is great highs, terrible lows and unrelenting stress. don't think people want to hear about the last two.
model 3 uses two intersecting planes of air for vertical control &amp; lateral fins hidden within the dashboard for horizontal control
probably middle of next year. focus now is on getting out of model 3 production hell. more versions = deeper in hell.
sure
watched them personally to make sure &amp; i agree with the outcome. wouldn't have judged differently. amazing videos all, but was best.
couldn't believe how incredibly inspiring and creative they were!!
first!
second
third
project loveday winners ...
setting up for model 3 handover tomorrow night ...
if we're lucky
sides run high thrust, center is lower thrust until sides separate &amp; fly back. center then throttles up, keeps burning &amp; lands on droneship.
side booster rockets return to cape canaveral. center lands on droneship.
falcon heavy maiden launch this november
tesla team will verify
testing the boring company car elevator
love this tesla p100d drag racing video
movie on the subject coming soon...
tim's piece on ai is excellent, but we actually face a double exponential rate of improvement. ai hardware &amp; software are both exponential.
i've talked to mark about this. his understanding of the subject is limited.
a book of the most beautiful classic cars given to me on my 18th birthday on a farm in saskatchewan. van gogh's starry night.
$us price in $aud plus import duties and sales tax
we can't have too many direct shareholders or we're required to become a public co. will check if possible through a feeder fund though.
a 9m diameter vehicle fits in our existing factories ...
yes, i postponed publishing in order to present the updated interplanetary rocket &amp; spaceship design in adelaide. will be on the final day.
discussing physics of tunnels with mayor vargas (who has a physics background). hawthorne support for the boring company much appreciated.
kinda have to :)
la-sf-reno/sparks would be great. tesla logistics costs for sparks-fremont (batteries &amp; motors) and fremont-la (finished cars) are gigantic.
verbal approval was at federal level. still a lot of work before formal, written approval, but this opens door for state &amp; city discussions.
adding boston and providence would be the natural extension of the line
an underground hyperloop would mean no disruption above ground and be way faster, so i think it is he right way to go
city of chicago already approached us about doing a high speed tunnel from o'hare to downtown. they've been great.
if you want this to happen fast, please let your local &amp; federal elected representatives know. makes a big difference if they hear from you.
still a lot of work needed to receive formal approval, but am optimistic that will occur rapidly
for sure. first set of tunnels are to alleviate greater la urban congestion. will start ny-dc in parallel. then prob la-sf and a tx loop.
support would be much appreciated!
city center to city center in each case, with up to a dozen or more entry/exit elevators in each city
just received verbal govt approval for the boring company to build an underground ny-phil-balt-dc hyperloop. ny-dc in 29 mins.
plan is to do powered landings on mars for sure, but with a vastly bigger ship
true. need to explain full story of tesla. so much nonsense out there, amplified by propaganda from some in fossil fuels &amp; confused shorts.
not attacking electrek. just making sure people don't have the wrong impression.
not true. email from customer.
i should clarify: tesla stock is obviously high based on past &amp; present, but low if you believe in tesla's future. place bets accordingly …
yeah, otherwise hard to find them
small thing (very small), but i made it this way for those who care and understand. source and appearance are the same.
it's what you don't say
i do have one question. what does godaddy mean?
good point
fixed. now it's good.
stay tuned
excited to announce the launch of it's a little verbose right now, but that will be fixed tomorrow.
true. also, ariane primary bay can deliver slightly heavier satellites than falcon 9. falcon heavy is needed ...
us senate hearing on advancing the exploration and settlement of space
we do that too, but for free
hopefully
other orgs shd also develop reusable orbital rockets. if an airplane co had reusable airplanes, buying single use airplanes wd seem crazy.
that doesn't sound right
worth noting that boeing/lockheed ("other us" on chart) get a billion dollar annual subsidy even if they launch nothing. spacex does not.
latest s and x tires have internal acoustic foam
cool!
the very near future, not, like, the far away future
you can now drive anywhere in the us (except n alaska), most of europe, china &amp; japan using the tesla supercharger network!
of course!
on university ave, above the old bakery
one of my sons is named xavier, after professor x!
that's probably the best use
cool 😎
maybe the upcoming iac in adelaide
that pizza looked about as appetizing as drywall. if anything, they were doing people at the party a favor by taking it.
wasn't wearing a suit, am def not part of a "posse" &amp; didn't even know leo/orlando were going. just went to say hi to my friend ken howery.
thanks paypal for allowing me to buy back no plans right now, but it has great sentimental value to me.
first production model 3
it's who is first to pay full price for the car. hard rule. i have first roadster and x, but not first s.
ira ehrenpreis had rights to 1st car as he was 1st to place a full deposit, but gave those rights to me as my 46th bday present. tks ira!
production unit 1 of model 3 is now built and going through final checkout. pics soon.
stop biting my finger dammit
this will be the highest power battery system in the world by a factor of 3. australia rocks!!
the world's population is accelerating towards collapse, but few seem to notice or care
thanks ! really proud of the rocket and spacex team today. min apogee requirement was 28,000 km, falcon 9 achieved 43,000 km.
spacex team reviewed all systems again late last night. done our best to ensure all is good.
we're going to spend the 4th doing a full review of rocket &amp; pad systems. launch no earlier than 5th/6th. only one chance to get it right …
wanted to say thanks to all that own or ordered a tesla. it matters to us that you took a risk on a new car company. we won't forget.
looks like we can reach 20,000 model 3 cars per month in dec
handover party for first 30 customer model 3's on the 28th! production grows exponentially, so aug should be 100 cars and sept above 1500.
model 3 passed all regulatory requirements for production two weeks ahead of schedule. expecting to complete sn1 on friday
norway is awesome
actually, china manufacturing quality is excellent. among other things, that's where iphones, many android phones &amp; most laptops are made.
another spacex launch today if weather is good
sorry to hear about china launch failure today. i know how painful that is to the people who designed &amp; built it.
suggestions welcome!
i think einstein said that
or does the earth move up?
this is a really great floor
just installed steel skeleton of the car/pod elevator. should be operating next week.
perspective
nothing to be done, but wait. it's all right here:
news on sunday
because it's off the wall
maybe it is time for the man cape to return
didn't read it. might now though.
exactly
me too
yes, but arguably that's worse
and i don't care who knows it. our love will never die.
just try one. it's way better than you think.
a floor that moves
a ceiling is simply a floor from below
not as much as tunnels though
they are so underappreciated
they will never let you down
i love floors
gary (the snail) is a speed demon. long way to go before we beat him/her.
thanks, but i am
no longer waiting for godot. it has begun boring and just completed the first segment of tunnel in la.
good summary of rocket landing history. there were two successful water landings much earlier, but they didn't survive long.
they should on high velocity missions to geostationary transfer orbit
sped up version of today's rocket landing on the droneship just read the instructions (guess it…
more aero effectiveness to create steep spires on windward side at the grid fin intersections
down the road, they will not even be repainted between launches. aiming to be able to relaunch same orbital rocket booster in &lt;24 hours.
getting closer to fairing recovery and reuse. had some problems with the steerable parachute. should have it sorted out by end of year.
new titanium grid fins worked even better than expected. should be capable of an indefinite number of flights with no service.
still humans
significantly improves control force
launch at 1:25 delivering 10 satellites for iridium. droneship repositioned due to extreme weather. will be tight.
closeup of the titanium grid fins. not painted, as they glow red hot during a fast reentry.
we used to have a (lame) open loop hydraulic system, but that was upgraded to closed about 2 years ago
not only that, it has all the wifis and 3g is coming soon
rocket was suddenly slammed sideways right before landing. heavy gust or something malfunctioned onboard. reviewing telemetry.
true, but that's a minor factor for rockets
no, but shielding got fragged every flight. more control authority is for falcon heavy, but also enables falcon 9 to land in heavier winds.
they will, but the hydraulic system is closed loop, so no fluid lost. they do need more power &amp; energy, but rocket has plenty of that.
slightly heavier than shielded aluminum, but more control authority and can be reused indefinitely with no touch ups
flying with larger &amp; significantly upgraded hypersonic grid fins. single piece cast &amp; cut titanium. can take reentry heat with no shielding.
sticking to 100
it's an aluminum honeycomb cartridge, so only a couple of hours to replace
rocket is extra toasty and hit the deck hard (used almost all of the emergency crush core), but otherwise good
falcon 9 will experience its highest ever reentry force and heat in today's launch. good chance rocket booster doesn't make it back.
technically, ironyman
thanks! looks cool.
damn, i forgot bacon
in life, there are no easy choices …
do want irony on social media?
must remember that irony and social media are not friends. keep forgetting. dammit.
radiation
groan
but rwd with electric is really good in snow (assuming all weather or winter tires), as traction control is far more precise
will extend
over 1000 km should be possible in a 100d with the right tires
will be full regen cooled all the way out to the 3 meter (10 ft) nozzle diameter. heat flux is nuts &amp; radiative view factor is low.
no plans to change 100 kwh pack tech. you'll never worry about running out of range. model 3 pack is about cost reduction, not performance.
no need to rely on scientists for global warming -- just use a thermometer
cool
that's because the accurate articles are boringly obvious, so they get no press attention
first approximation of co2 is production cost, factoring in energy source, so model 3 obv less co2 to produce than $35k gas car by a lot
no plans to change cell form factor for x and s
this is crazy, but max smart mentions chaos towards the end. coincidence?
there's a plot!?
my real phone is an htc droid, which i ordered after seeing this ad
nothing beats the shoe phone that is also a real shoe
but then i get paid less
backup valve shows no sign of leaking, but yeah
if schedule holds there will be two falcon 9 launches within 48 hours (cape &amp; vandenberg) this weekend
postponing launch to replace fairing pneumatic valve. it is dual redundant, but not worth taking a chance.
promising conversations with regarding tunnel network that would carry cars, bikes &amp; pedestrians. permits harder than technology.
it's time they knew …
tesla service rescues a kitten stuck in the bumper
so soon you won't believe it
colonizing mars (thanks prof hubbard for creating this from my talk). major changes to the plan coming soon.
hawthorne, california
flying through the falcon factory
mars v2 plan coming soon, which i think addresses the most fundamental flaw in v1: how to pay for development &amp; operation of giant rockets
radar-only braking on hw1 is getting better with every release. we're hoping to do the demo where it brakes for a ufo in the fog soon.
$300m cost diff between spacex and boeing/lockheed exceeds avg value of satellite, so flying with spacex means satellite is basically free
in discussions with the government of india requesting temporary relief on import penalties/restrictions until a local factory is built
us govt testing by finds model x to be the safest suv in history by significant margin
that would an interesting target. would, of course, only count if capable of doing so right off the production line with street legal tires.
linux kernel update was way harder than anticipated. giant improvement, but meant way more os overhead tuning to keep screen frame rate good
new kernel goes out next weekend, new web browser next month. radar-only braking is getting steadily better for both hw 1 and 2.
hw2 autopilot release should go wide next weekend with additional smoothness improvements to longitudinal control
we are developing the interplanetary rocket and spaceship to allow anyone to travel to the moon, mars &amp; beyond, regardless of nationality
thanks! everything we make on the expensive cars goes into developing more affordable cars.
thanks for supporting tesla and the ev mission before anyone had heard of us
heard about it. our experience doing projects with big car companies was not great. they move slowly &amp; are reluctant to adopt new tech.
i've written two forward-looking master plans, but haven't told the tesla history of how we got there. lot of drama … prob worth doing?
mostly right. the feasibility study martin commissioned about the lotus elise was dead wrong though. only 7% of parts ended up being common.
slow at first, then very fast. def not hover.
the faster, the better. gravity losses.
damn stonecutters!
was no "company", just a (wrong) biz plan to commercialize acp's tzero car. no tech or ip, no employees &amp; didn't even own tesla motors name.
disruption certainly. deep ai is the real risk, though, not automation.
exactly
congrats robb!
so crazy that people were arrested for trying to keep their cars from being destroyed
you may have heard of the person who put it together
worth watching "who killed the electric car?" by . truth is indeed stranger than fiction …
if zedd is kind enough to send me a list, it's on
all superchargers are being converted to solar/battery power. over time, almost all will disconnect from the electricity grid.
i love norway, which is the world leader in ev adoption! great example for the rest of the world.
long way to go, but we've convinced most of the auto industry to start ev programs &amp; gave them all our patents to help, so that's something
nothing to do w govt incentives or making money. thought 90% prob of losing it all (almost did many times), but it was the only chance.
they was done against the will of their owners, who held a candlelight vigil all night to protest the death of their cars
few people know that we started tesla when gm forcibly recalled all electric cars from customers in 2003 &amp; then crushed them in a junkyard
that is true. ludicrous mode is like having pure joy on tap. nothing else (legal) will get you that.
click the left scroll wheel to pause or mute music
good point, will add "cancel nav" to voice commands
too awesome
must ipso facto half not bee
first of all, i cracked a long time ago. that's not news. second, yes, i can see time. how did you know?
yeah, car should auto play when it gets an exact match, like it does for directions. will make that change.
just confirmed the tesla dj station works in canada
cool
no, it's not!
tap cancel on the screen
just tap the voice button on the steering wheel and say "play monty python" or "navigate home" or anything. voice commands work pretty well.
just depends on whether you like a sedan or suv. sedan goes faster, suv has more room.
yeah, coming back
coming soon!
partly
possibly my favorite skit
might work in canada too
i mean also
not yet
yeah
in the us, you can ask your tesla to play any monty python (or other comedy) skit. doesn't work outside us yet.
it's on the car. might add it to the tesla app at some point, so you get it on your phone if you have a powerwall or tesla solar.
my favorite for sure
try the new tesla dj station on streaming radio
the scene where brian is saved from the romans by falling off a tower into a spaceship is the best deus ex machina moment of any movie ever
all falcon heavy cores should be at the cape in two to three months, so launch should happen a month after that
love monty python so much
just wish they would stop sticking pins in voodoo dolls of me. that hurts, ok?
yeah
yeah
these guys want us to die so bad they can taste it
could be worse
we can either give up hope &amp; sit in traffic hell forever or try something new. the odds of success may be low, but they're better than zero.
the boring company is in hawthorne and has already approved the permit
thanks :) such an outrageous lawsuit. people sometimes underestimate strength of us judiciary. lot of respect for the judge &amp; jury system.
almost. falcon heavy was way harder to develop than it seemed at first.
once you add the vintage record player, it's all good
you're welcome!
a little red wine, vintage record, some ambien ... and magic!
a 7 step facial treatment every morning. the mistake people make is stopping at 6.
and um ... not trying to brag or anything, but i think i look good for 500
seems that way
of course. what base-number system were you using?
that's why the pic is in black and white. didn't have color back then.
yeah, i counted
tesla shareholder meeting today. can't believe it's been 1000 years since we went public.
this is a metaphor for transparency. also, f* underwear.
obviously
i'm not *saying* they're related, but …
or is it more about the way you use it?
i hope i'm wrong
great comedy! they should write for .
most likely
also, we will have a very high headcount around each gigafactory keeping it running. they just won't be doing boring, repetitive tasks.
probably closer to four or five factories. logistics costs mean you want to be close to the end customer.
wearing anything at all is just a conspiracy by the capitalist running dogs of big underwear
he was great though
was just at the dmv &amp; dude had the actual sloth from zootopia on his desk
most people don't realize you can see dragon approach the space station from the ground, even in la
proud of my mom ❤️
yeah, pretty much dead center. we painted the target area with radio reflective paint, which helps the radar be more precise.
exactly
it's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. good. that's how it is for cars &amp; airplanes and how it should be for rockets.
first reflight of a dragon spacecraft set for later today
good point :)
india commits to sell only electric cars by 2030. it is already the largest market for solar power.
under paris deal, china committed to produce as much clean electricity by 2030 as the us does from all sources today
am departing presidential councils. climate change is real. leaving paris is not good for america or the world.
coming soon
yeah :)
don't know which way paris will go, but i've done all i can to advise directly to potus, through others in wh &amp; via councils, that we remain
and then some
yeah, it was great!
piggyback rides around the opera house
sydney is such a beautiful city
a lot
i do via my foundation, which is now 16 years old, but my grants are (almost always) anonymous
should finish trans-canada this year. a stop in swift current for sure!
comparing model s vs model 3
old-school fidget spinner back when the only things to play with were squirrels and rocks
there will be a combined booster static fire. maybe a few.
btw, that cloud is almost entirely steam, including dark parts (like a storm). this is what the launch looks like:
falcon heavy is this times three. one way or another, launch is guaranteed to be exciting ...
will shut that down. the point is to provide something special that only existing owners can give to friends and it is limited to 5 people.
only if you want pure joy mainlined straight into your brain
will keep the original bond lotus sub as-is. that design can't actually convert from car to sub. have a new design in mind that does.
true :)
feel exactly the same way as a.o. scott. particularly loved the spy who loved me
all model s and x cars will have an auto raise and lower function for the steering wheel in a few months.
i spoke directly with the president three weeks ago about paris. many others have too. cautiously optimistic of a positive decision.
interesting idea. would give a dynamic 360 deg surround view as you're driving. have this in dev mode. can be a bit distracting though.
early next year. to start with, we're making the simplest model 3 first, like we did with s. didn't do it with x, because i was an idiot.
we could add that function pretty easily from a technical standpoint. just need to add in the billing software.
can be set higher than that for highways, but limited to +5mph or +8km/h off highway (true avg drive speed) for pedestrian &amp; cyclist safety
exactly
still on for end of year. just software limited. any tesla car with hw2 (all cars built since oct last year) will be able to do this.
there's just no way. hundreds of parts and most of wiring harness would have to be replaced. would cost more to retrofit than trading in.
hw2. hw1 doesn't have enough sensors and computing power.
hopefully june for those too
s for sure. it is a bigger car.
i'd highly recommend upgrading to latest model s (which is approx version 4). only if you really want a smaller sedan, should you get a 3.
maybe i'm misinformed, but i was told that 30% of parts must be locally sourced and the supply doesn't yet exist in india to support that.
yeah, control algorithm is safe, but unpleasant. new one is even safer, but super smooth.
almost there, plus much improved web browser
that will be tied to deliveries of the first production cars in july
almost there. probably in a few months.
you can easily turn it off in the car via settings, but that would beg the question of why you turned it off :)
excited about the tesla autopilot software release rolling out next month. new control algorithm feels as smooth as silk.
model 3, model x &amp; model s will all have same level of autopilot capability. it's just a matter of refining the vision &amp; control software.
wear underpants
will do
black and textured slate versions will be
for reason i can't explain, i find especially odd. also, not a fan of . has led too many people astray in valuing securities.
still agree with tim's points. what "you" are is an evolving, mind-body pattern, but there's still a core youness that holds true over time.
heisenberg's uncertainty principle &amp; practical limits of simultaneity in transfer make this exact thought experiment impossible, but … yeah
we got stuck
all the answers to questions you never asked about holes in the ground
what pun?
what i love about the boring company are the low expectations. nowhere to go but down.
t-boned in a model x at 65 mph
moonlight sonata
robots that learn by example from
it's sort of like a pickaxe if you use the claw side, but has the added advantage of also hammering
and ... it's done
worked in minecraft. just sayin ...
of course. why is that even a question?
imma gonna dig that tunnel with this here hammer
my grandmother was from moose jaw
going to a barn raising!
on my cousin's farm in canada at 17, wearing a hat on a hat
yeah, worked on the farm when i was 17
family history article. was born in south africa, but named after my american great-grandfather.
[warning, this may cause motion sickness or seizures] this is a test run of our electric sled…
the race between gary, our pet snail who lives in a pineapple, and godot, our tunnel boring…
boring machine segments have been lowered into the starter tunnel. going through final assembly.…
cutterhead in operation at standard industry speed. planning to jack this up by a factor of ten…
first tunnel for the boring company begins ... full length of first tunnel will run from lax to…
entry hole, staging area and starting tunnel for boring machine 1 (aka godot) now complete
tesla needs to iterate fast on solar roof prefab/install technology, so all installs will be done by tesla techs at first
third one will be from frost. maybe the second.
yes. good.
first machine is godot. still waiting ... don't know why, when or where.
naming theme for tunnel boring machines will be poems &amp; plays. decided against plays &amp; poems. too obvious.
that's how the tiles sit on the roof. there is no difference in strength for the tesla tile based on orientation (not like wood).
this is true. the economics are not yet compelling where housing and utility costs are low and property taxes are high.
slo-mo hail cannonball impacting tesla solar roof tile
will do our best. hopefully, yes.
solar roof can be ordered for almost any country. deployment this year in the us and overseas next year.
u.k. delivery and installation next year
tesla solar glass roof orders open this afternoon. i think it will be great. more in about 10 hours ...
if heat death of the universe is the destination, it really is all about the journey
it's a good one
thanks for doing it!
headed to see guardians 2 w my bro and kids. loved the first one.
i do love banks, but perhaps we should reserve his names for the droneships
simple. i like it.
kinda like snoop dug
i don't want to be presumptuous
i know what you're thinking … then why not "the third"? well, i've learned my lesson about 3's.
by calling it "the second", it has more credibility
maybe ultimate boring machine, the second
boring not boring
good one
been done
thinking about a name for our first tunneling machine …
was just rereading one of my favorites. so beautiful …
close-up of rocket stage separation, fast flip, boostback burn in a ring of fire and then…
landing
launch and landing of the nro spy satellite was good. tough call, as high altitude wind shear was at 98.6% of the theoretical load limit.
winds aloft are unusually high (still within structural safety bounds). worrying, but not a showstopper.
yeah, will probably publish an update in six weeks or so
my boring ted talk
couldn't agree more
extremely
even more boring
boring
we def want to avoid either, particularly surface detail ...
on it now
great food, great ambience and with great friends. we all really enjoyed the visit.
will definitely do that on my next trip
having moo moo at moo moo gold coast with amberheard, and
that is the aspiration: to avoid ai becoming other.
yeah, sorry i missed that. this would only work for 75 kwh packs that are software created to 60, so not 2013.
july
pickup truck unveil in 18 to 24 months
next gen roadster will be convertible
tesla semi truck unveil set for september. team has done an amazing job. seriously next level.
yeah
besides, i already said we'd add more independent members during scty merger. will announce soon, but this group has nothing to do with it.
this investor group should buy ford stock. their governance is amazing ...
autolist survey finds tesla used car values are highest and sell fastest
fairing is ~$5m, but that should be reusable this year. am fairly confident we can reuse upper stage too by late next year to get to 100%.
latency should only be 5 min max. checking ...
feature coming soon that allows one touch access to all discovered tesla easter eggs
and so the robots spared humanity ...
exactly. tesla is absurdly overvalued if based on the past, but that's irrelevant. a stock price represents risk-adjusted future cash flows.
stormy weather in shortville ...
coal is dying due to nat gas fracking. it's basically dead.
it's just a helicopter in helicopter's clothing
it won't matter
pretty good
why did we waste so much time developing silly rockets? damn you, aliens! so obtuse! you have all this crazy tech, but can't speak english!?
technology breakthrough: turns out chemtrails are actually a message from time-traveling aliens describing the secret of teleportation
we can def bring it back like dragon. just a question of how much weight we need to add.
working on it
looks like it could do 20% more with some structural upgrades to handle higher loads. but that's in fully expendable mode.
a lot
silliest thing we can imagine! secret payload of 1st dragon flight was a giant wheel of cheese. inspired by a friend &amp; monty python.
good point, odds go from 0% to &gt;0% :)
falcon heavy test flight currently scheduled for late summer
considering trying to bring upper stage back on falcon heavy demo flight for full reusability. odds of success low, but maybe worth a shot.
browser is already a little better. kernel and browser update in prob 6 weeks or so (lots of underlying changes) with a few nice features.
thanks phil!
incredibly proud of the spacex team for achieving this milestone in space! next goal is reflight within 24 hours.
if you just downloaded v8.1, tap the the t on center screen three times
on center screen. also, center screen *will* show speed as an overlay that changes opacity according to relevance.
very few. we have yet to do a china (or europe) launch of model 3.
glad to have tencent as an investor and advisor to tesla
you won't care
what gave me away?
here is the latest spacex travel ad for the flight around the moon &amp; into deep space. maybe needs a few edits ...
long neuralink piece coming out on in about a week. difficult to dedicate the time, but existential risk is too high not to.
we cannot make all country versions simultaneously or the production start would be a disaster. you would get first in norway.
i believe so
oh so little faith
the shorter wheelbase only allows for a 75 kwh pack in model 3 at current cell/module energy densities
yeah
start taking orders in april
yeah, probably a year from now. s will still win on acceleration though, due to having more space for a larger battery.
only model s will have the seven seater option, more cargo space, plus higher range, acceleration, two screens vs one, auto extend handles …
the model s produced today is arguably version 4. let me put it this way: it is the car i will keep driving even after model 3 arrives.
if fate is on our side, it will be amazing. will talk about that in detail next week.
no problem :)
should be summer next year. sorry, really wish we could get rhd done sooner. we truly are working as fast as we can.
let me just go fetch my magic wand ...
first in line for dual motor as soon as we can make it, which is probably in 6 to 9 months.
damn straight we do! coming with 8.1 next week.
first drive of a release candidate version of model 3
it still has one display
nothing majorly new that a consumer would notice. lots of new tech in the design and production process though.
the more autonomous a car is, the less dash info you need. how often do you look at the instrument panel when being driven in a taxi?
how about the video we just took of the first model 3 release candidate drive?
yup, machine arrives next month and we start digging the tunnel!
i think so
no, we are minimizing configuration complexity to keep the production ramp on schedule. rwd only for early production, just like model s.
tues/wed
because i was a dumb idiot and didn't realize at the time that it would cause confusion
tues/wed next week
yes. model s will always be the fastest tesla until next gen roadster, which is a few years away.
yes, but not until next year
yes. hardware already on all production s and x cars.
sorta. model 3 is like a bmw 3 series or audi a4. model s is like bmw 5 and 6 series, but much faster, more storage space + autopilot
how about now?
oh model y is coming too in a few years. kinda have to.
all tesla cars built since oct last year will be capable of self-driving as software improves
definitely
model 3 was going to be called model e, for obvious dumb humor reasons, but ford sued to block it, so now it is s3x. totally different :)
model 3 is just a smaller, more affordable version of model s w less range &amp; power &amp; fewer features. model s has more advanced technology.
am noticing that many people think model 3 is the "next version" of a tesla, like iphone 2 vs 3. this is not true.
looking forward to playing the game with my kids!
i used to be one. you're welcome. trying my best, at least. hope it's a bit useful.
just because i'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet doesn't mean i'm an alien
the number of extinct single planet civilizations probably exceeds live civs by at least a thousand to one. i'm being optimistic.
probably. either that, simulation, great filter or they are very, very subtle.
i hope that didn't work
~spawn npc.alien
where are the #%*&gt; aliens?
looks like tues/wed for 8.1 release
except that isn't actually my house ...
perhaps there will be some future bill that makes a difference for mars, but this is not it.
i am not. this bill changes almost nothing about what nasa is doing. existing programs stay in place and there is no added funding for mars.
3 is a great car, but definitely model s
good point
i wish. it's so annoying.
finally, an explanation for daylight savings that makes sense ...
it's been a bear to get done, but prob 10 days or so, depending on full speed autosteer test results
looking forward to it. i know it's cliche, but lotr is my favorite book ever :) want to see the set and take my kids on tour of greater nz.
sure. just check out my prior tweet on pricing ($250 kwh at pack level). website will be updated soon, so there is complete transparency.
. can only happen with your support, and working closely with key govt and utility leaders who are strongly committed to trying new approaches
just wanted to write a note of appreciation to the many australians who came out in support of the battery plan, especially
i love wikipedia. just gets better over time.
answer is complex for electric motors. we use an ac induction motor fed by a dc pack thru an igbt inverter, which kinda "digitizes" dc power
high voltage dc is for sure the best way to transmit electricity over long distances. good explanation at
ironically, direct current is the right approach today, even though alternating was right in the past. solar power &amp; electronics both dc.
you're most welcome. very exciting to discuss the future of electricity. renewables + storage arguably biggest disruption since dc to ac.
just spoke with , premier of south australia. very impressed. govt is clearly committed to a smart, quick solution.
yes, but shipping, taxes/tariffs and installation labor vary by country, as those costs are beyond our control
$250/kwh at the pack level for 100mwh+ systems. tesla is moving to fixed and open pricing and terms for all products.
tesla will get the system installed and working 100 days from contract signature or it is free. that serious enough for you?
will send you one
self-hatred
thank you for the lovely letter. that sounds like a great idea. we'll do it!
spacex could not do this without nasa. can't express enough appreciation.
this is not true. tm works for a lot of people and that's great, but i've maybe done it 7 or 8 times ever.
fly me to the moon ... ok
spacex announcement tomorrow at 1pm pst
of course
maybe one of those too
roller coasters are awesome
something on a tristate border might work. gigafactory plus nearby supporting supply chain needs a very large workforce.
good chance it will
exactly :)
minor improvements update this weekend. high speed autosteer in about two weeks.
just posted a video
system was green for launch. i called it off.
they are often right, but, in this case, we have already retired so much r&amp;d risk on dragon 2, that i feel very confident of 2018.
uses high pressure bleed off the fuel side (rp-1 kerosene) turbopump, so no dedicated pump or fluid needed
btw, 99% likely to be fine (closed loop tvc wd overcome error), but that 1% chance isn't worth rolling the dice. better to wait a day.
not obviously related to the (very tiny) helium leak, but also not out of the question
if this is the only issue, flight would be fine, but need to make sure that it isn't symptomatic of a more significant upstream root cause
all systems go, except the movement trace of an upper stage engine steering hydraulic piston was slightly odd. standing down to investigate.
counting down to the first spacex launch from the apollo 11 launch pad tomorrow morning (webcast…
spacex's photo
provided dragon 2 demo missions go well, spacex is highly confident of being able to fly us astronauts in 2018
looks like we are go for launch. added an abort trigger at t-60 secs for pressure decay of upper stage helium spin start system.
investigating a (very small) leak in the upper stage. if ok, will launch tomorrow.
yes, but only deep in solid rock, where the walls are self-supporting and concrete reinforcements arguably aren't needed
it's much easier to do the cgi that way
daylight rocket launch &amp; landing at the cape this weekend. will be the 1st spacex flight from the apollo launch pad.
i used that one :)
ok, what are some good ones? will have to meter these out. hopefully, kids can't die from groaning too much.
they are doing india proud
you may come to regret that request :)
yeah, exactly. so that makes it cool, right!?
yeah, awesome achievement by isro. very impressive!
apparently, there is this thing called "dad jokes" and i make them
you're right, i can't hide any more! i am irony man...
in appreciation, tesla is providing all repair costs free of charge and expedited.
congrats to the tesla owner who sacrificed damage to his own car to bring a car with an unconscious driver safely to a stop!
best place to watch is on the cape causeway
sounds like the tesla powerwall (consumer) and powerpack (utility/commercial) might be useful
falcon 9 rocket now vertical at cape canaveral on launch complex 39-a. this is the same launch…
exactly. what this person said is untrue.
please check your facts. tesla and spacex joined as soon as we received the filing, which was monday.
of course it will
should all be uploaded by next month
motor trend could only achieve 2.4 sec when they tested the porsche 918
i don't know what make you think that's a rocket. it's completely covered in a tarpaulin...
george schultz and jim baker article in regarding a carbon tax
hoping for summer this year
yes, altitude improves performance for electric. opposite of combustion cars.
no, will be lower. wheelbase can't fit 100.
also, tesla service can remove front trunk liner if you don't use it and improve performance further
no plans to take x, s (or 3) above 100 kwh. semi necessarily and pickup truck maybe will go above.
take out the floor mats and its 2.27. mt said everything had to be standard production.
production tesla model s p100dl sets motor trend all-time world record to 60 mph in 2.27 sec
signing off now. that was more than enough twitter trouble for one morning!
no rare earth metals in battery
almost ready
app update is about two weeks out. linux kernel and browser update probably a month or so. hw2 autopilot has priority.
yes, but model 3 is the overwhelming priority
i will post an article he wrote half a century ago about flying through africa and asia in his plane. one of my favorite things.
almost there. we are just being very careful with the rollout.
a lot of terrible things could happen in four years of extremism. do you really want another war? that's where extremism leads.
yeah, it is hard to convey complex ideas in 140 chars and tone is lost in text
people should push to have as many moderates advising the president as possible. blind hate is never the right answer.
rolling out a new update today.
we should try our best
really? ok, i will work harder on thinking first and tweeting second. sorry for anything thoughtless.
i just had three coffees :)
mars is critical for the long-term survival of humanity and life on earth as we know it
gravimetric energy density of batteries and achieving a high cell mass fraction
me too. i hope to get back to regularly scheduled programming soon ...
i agree, great country! looking forward to taking my kids for a visit. i've heard it is incredibly beautiful.
true. me being one of them :)
not perfect &amp; cd be better, but 10th out of 200+ countries with only a 0.08 diff to "1st" place means it's essentially on par
fair point, sorry
activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise president, not fewer. how could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?
needs a major overhaul
exactly
norway is great on all levels. love norway!
yeah. and twitter is a hater hellscape.
good grief, i'm not "working" for trump. i'm trying to provide advice that helps take things in a more positive direction.
actually, i think it's kinda cool :)
isn't that basically like having a jury of peers? that is a default option in the us.
those countries have strong justice systems, but i'd put them roughly on par with us. that rating system conflates many factors.
did you read my tweets? i attacked it hard. did not defend.
you're right. politics is a no-win situation. somebody is going to hate what you say no matter what that is.
also good. there are several that are on par with us. just don't think any are better. people confuse laws with courts.
mostly anti-drug laws
exactly
the laws need to change. judges are responsible for evaluating whether an action breaks the law, not making law.
the remedy for that is changing the law
ok, but what's up the wigs?
there are many good legal systems on par with us. just don't know any that are better.
true!
many in america don't realize how proud they should be of the legal system. not perfect, but nowhere is the cause of justice better served.
i wish!
then so be it. i'd rather do what i believe is right, than do what appears right simply to avoid criticism.
wow, cool!
that's exactly what i thought. love half-life.
26 ft diameter tunnel running 2 miles under d.c.
really don't want to get in politics. i just want to help invent and develop technologies that improve lives. feels so bizarre.
yes, for now, but this should be addressed on all fronts: judicial, legislative and executive.
in addition, i again raised climate. i believe this is doing good, so will remain on council &amp; keep at it. doing otherwise would be wrong.
at my request, the agenda for yesterday's white house meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost
first i've heard of this meeting. will find out why.
maybe
video of mit's entrant into the spacex hyperloop competition. air has been removed from the hyperloop tube to almost vacuum conditions.
minecraft
yes. green cards &amp; dual citizens already ok. work &amp; spousal visas not yet, but hopefully soon. this is separate from judicial action.
there has already been and there will be progress on this matter
regarding the meeting at the white house:
headline &amp; article is misleading. i said it won't be retracted (ie withdrawn by pres). it may be revoked by judicial or legislative means.
yes, i believe that is critical to ensure a good future for humanity
top ai researchers agree on principles for developing benefical ai
i agree with creating great jobs, restoring us strength as a great manufacturer of products and anything that makes the future exciting
yeah, sorry about that :)
yes, the order is still bad, but it is always important to read the source material
reading the source material is better than reading other people's opinions about the source material
exactly. there is no possibility of retraction, but there is possibility of modification. it's just a non-zero possibility. don't know more.
please read immigration order. lmk specific amendments. will seek advisory council consensus &amp; present to president.
it is not
many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the us. they've done right,not wrong &amp; don't deserve to be rejected.
the blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily muslim countries is not the best way to address the country’s challenges
this is silly. if adding lanes actually did make it worse, that would imply removing lanes makes it better. obv not true.
and we start digging the tunnel tonight
hyperloop pod race happening this weekend at spacex hq (near lax). we built a ~mile long vacuum tube on our campus big enough to fit people.
yeah, am hearing this from a lot of people &amp; it's getting me down. i'm just trying to make a positive contribution &amp; hope good comes of it.
earthquakes tend to have the biggest effect on the surface, like waves on water. that's why la can have a (lame, but getting better) subway.
starting across from my desk at spacex. crenshaw and the 105 freeway, which is 5 mins from lax
maybe next month
rex tillerson supports a carbon tax. this is what is really needed to move the needle.
i'm just saying that we should see what happens first. the actions may be surprising.
no they don't
was wondering what those were
sigh
that may be a difficult award to decline
tillerson also said that “the risk of climate change does exist” and he believed “action should be taken"
... on how to address threats of climate change. they do require a global response."
tillerson at his confirmation hearing: "i think it’s important that the united states maintain its seat at the table in the conversation ...
ok, fine. soldier 76. my dark secret is out ...
i share the economist's opinion that he should be given the benefit of the doubt unless his actions prove otherwise
rex is an exceptionally competent executive, understands geopolitics and knows how to win for his team. his team is now the usa.
this may sound surprising coming from me, but i agree with the economist. rex tillerson has the potential to be an excellent sec of state.
there will be a software update this weekend that improves self-calibration ability
3 months maybe, 6 months definitely
yes, safety should improve significantly due to autonomy features, even if regs disallow no driver present
auto steer limited to 45 mph on highways for now, i.e. heavy traffic, where it is needed most. limit will raise as we get more data.
autonomy capability should improve via ota every 2 to 6 weeks
for now
the 100d price takes into account exchange rate shifts, whereas other vehicle prices haven't yet been adjusted
yes. block 5 is the final upgrade of the falcon architecture. significantly improves performance &amp; ease of reusability. flies end of year.
if we applied resources to doing super complex retrofits, our pace of innovation would drop dramatically
tesla will never stop innovating. people are buying the wrong car if they expect this. there will be major revs every 12 to 18 months.
unfortunately, that would require stripping down the entire car and replacing 300+ parts. wish there was an easy way.
giant x made of model x's by tesla owners in china!
expendable. future flights will go on falcon heavy or the upgraded falcon 9.
car won't complete camera calibration. working on software solution to adjust image crop dynamically, so camera more robust to pitch angle.
autopilot for hw2 rolling out to all hw2 cars today. please be cautious. some cars will require adjustment of camera pitch angle by service.
validating a gpu driver fix and camera pitch angle health check for hw2
similar to spacex, the t is like a cross section of an electric motor, just as the x is like a rocket trajectory
our target is a 90% reduction with hw2 as the software matures
not specifically, but there have been several incidences of pedestrian and bicyclist lives saved by autopilot
it might. am not sure.
looking good so far. should roll out this weekend.
report highlight: “the data show that the tesla vehicles crash rate dropped by almost 40 percent after autosteer installation.”
final report on autopilot issued by is very positive
one million
falcon before launch
not the ideal ending
there will be many improvements to hw1 over the course of the year
yeah, it has a lot of potential
rewatched "ghost in the shell" and the end of "colossus: the forbin project"
hw2 autopilot now downloading to all hw2 cars, but in non-actuating mode to assess reliability. if looks good, actuation by end of week.
rotates 180 degrees and does a retro burn
it does
liftoff
all satellites deployed
mission looks good. started deploying the 10 iridium satellites. rocket is stable on the droneship.
have you tried steam engines? they are amazing.
sarah should be in contact with you soon about doing a benchmark test
it is
hopefully, early next week. results from limited release look good so far. trying our best to be super careful.
good point. 2.34 would be a production tesla. stripped down, maybe as low as 2.1.
it will
promising early results from the ludricrous easter egg. looks like 0 to 60 mph in 2.34 sec (motor trend spec) might be achievable...
if the results look good from the latest point release, then we are days away from a release to all hw1 and to all hw2 early next week
the least cool characters...it's embarrassing
it will in an upcoming release later this year
tesla's approach to building an autonomy platform is focused on high compute efficiency machine learning. primarily vision w radar &amp; sonar.
increasing capacity at existing supercharger locations now has top priority. some are overflowing while a nearby one is empty.
longitudinal control will, but lateral (steering) control will cap at 35 mph for a bit longer. will raise after full fleet data rolls in.
if all looks good, hw2 autopilot functionality will switch from shadow to active mode by end of week for cars beyond initial 1000
new rev for autopilot hw2 rolling out mon to first 1000 &amp; to rest of fleet in shadow mode. also improves hw1 and enables ludicrous+.
that was a great game
hold-down firing of falcon 9 at vandenberg air force completed. all systems are go for launch next week.
hw2 autopilot software uploading to 1000 cars this eve. will then hold to verify no field issues and upload to rest of fleet next week.
late jan, along with linux kernel upgrade
yes, but held up by autopilot . it def works tho in shaving 0.1 sec off 0-60mph &amp; 1/4 mile. if ap goes tmrw, then perf upgrade goes thurs.
resolving an autopilot hw2 bug that shows up when booting from a subzero cold-soak. if that fix works, software will start uploading tmrw.
churchill (non) quotes
almost there. undergoing final validation. might go out in next few days.
deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
occasional existential dread is inevitable if you think at all about the future
yes, grid won't be needed for moderate use superchargers in non-snowy regions
a mere 350 kw ... what are you referring to, a children's toy?
brain is full right now and that's a hard one
there are some installed already, but full rollout really needs supercharger v3 and powerpack v2, plus solarcity. pieces now in place.
if you don't like the p100dl, you can give it back
good idea
should complete in 2017. one is def planned for swift current, near my cousin's wheat farm where i had my 18th bday.
it is keyed off the volume of music in the car. if you turn that down w left scroll wheel, it will be quieter.
typing mars after holding down the t symbol on the center console works on s and x. also try renaming your car 42.
make sure your car is connected to wifi for the update. will update over its cell connection too, but takes much longer.
to activate the model x holiday performance, just type holidays or modelxmas after pressing the logo. also, mars.
looking promising for next week
no major precipitating event, but people in general were going a bit too fast on winding roads
will be restored soon where there is a lead vehicle, ie you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic speed being higher than the sign
night is easy. twilight is hardest.
that is actually rolling out to all model x's right now
8.1, which hopefully goes out next week.
hoping for next week. also going through validation.
looks like we might be ready to rollout most of autopilot functionality for hw2 towards the end of next week
tesla receives highest owner satisfaction score of any carmaker in consumer reports survey
tesla autopilot vision neural net now working well. just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
in work
tesla software team is working seven days a week to complete testing and validation. getting close.
should start changing soon
i am actually going to do this
we are going to modify this so that people only pay a fee if most bays are occupied. if the site is basically deserted, no problem to park.
boring, it's what we do
it shall be called "the boring company"
traffic is driving me nuts. am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging...
you too :)
you're right, this is becoming an issue. supercharger spots are meant for charging, not parking. will take action.
forming a rocket nozzle
a life well lived
how do we know this story isn't fake? unfortunately, it is probably true.
model s smashes into semi truck trailer and lifts it off the ground. driver walks away.
about three weeks and it will get rolled out incrementally in monthly releases
at least some of them
that doesn't make sense. will look into it.
about 3 weeks
backlog of 5 seat foldflat config. 6 seat can be made earlier. actually my fav version.
love the pic tho
can anyone uncover who is really writing these fake pieces? can't be skankhunt42. his work is better than this.
perfect
longer version of self-driving demo with paint it black soundtrack
that and paint it black will both be uploaded for free as easter (holiday?) eggs
tesla self-driving ai with the benny hill option package
consequences of population implosion greatly underestimated. upside down demographic pyramid can't support social services.
big mobile app update coming with 8.1 next month
vote tally shows ~85% of unaffiliated shareholders in favor of the tesla/solarcity merger! thanks for believing.
sounds right
all p100d vehicles produced to date, as well as new. this is purely a software optimization.
model x numbers should also improve by 0.1 sec on 0 to 60 and 1/4 mile
looks like the model s p100d easter egg will allow it to do 0 to 60 mph in 2.4 sec and a 10.6 sec 1/4 mile via software update next month
we could enable that, although the cameras use grey, grey, grey, red detection, so it would look a little greyish red :)
love you too!
a bit like that, but hopefully a more meaningful role for humans
playing amish paradise in my tesla
both uv and ir (for heat) reflective. i burn easily &amp; then my nose looks like rudolph the reindeer, so i totally understand.
no, but maybe a light tartan. plaid is reserved for the next gen roadster.
i like humanity
there will be something special
tesla will def absorb solarcity debt. altho extremely unlikely, i would pay it personally if need be. debts must be honored.
my kids and i are having a great time!
next software update fixes that
might have an early access release ready by then
now wouldn't that be interesting :)
here is how to vote your tesla and solarcity shares:
one day ...
it is not actually left-handed
unless we do a deployable solar shield like a retractable hard top
currently cycles radio favs. next software release cycles between favs.
forgot to mention there will be a p100d ludicrous easter egg soon that uncorks the full performance
use buttons on left side of steering wheel
thanks!
i'm the only author, so, love or hate it, that's me. i've learned some lessons though, such as tweeting on ambien isn't wise.
i personally like the 6 seat best, but the new 5 allows the entire back to fold flat. a small family could camp there!
we will probably offer that as an option
exactly
loving this thread :)
primarily aluminium with hot-stamped boron steel reinforcements. b pillar has a glass overlay.
excellent safety in rollover (5 star+). that was what took so long to develop.
in addition, we reinforced the surrounding body structure for improved safety (was already 5 star in all categories).
i highly recommend the new all glass roof on the model s. this was very hard to develop, but it makes the interior feel amazing.
first solar roof deployments will start next summer
will be on with ron baron in about half an hour
great model x article by !
institutional shareholder services, world's top independent evaluator, recommends in favor of tesla-solarcity merger
congratulations to china on the successful launch of the lm 5 heavy lift rocket!
there would def be millions of agents simultaneously doing a monte carlo sim &amp; combining the results to build a map of weaknesses
good chance
only a matter of time before advanced ai is used to do this. internet is particularly susceptible to a gradient descent algo.
strongly net positive
solar glass tiles can also incorporate heating elements, like rear defroster on a car, to clear roof of snow and keep generating energy
should mention that the tesla solar roof is robust against any weather, incl heavy hail. also, higher insulating value than a standard roof.
pushing start to ~5:45 to allow more people to arrive
unveil happening at sunset, because that's when ...
solar roof plus powerwall 2.0 launch event will be webcast live on at 5:30pm pdt tomorrow
several ui improvements across the board in 8.01 (next few weeks) and 8.1 in dec
solar roof unveil now at 5:30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) california time tomorrow.
dear cult members, i love you
fixing, but in a slightly different way
yeah, great questions
this will be under /r/spacex, not the general ama. meant to be supplemental to the iac talk.
ama at &lt;ahem&gt; 3pm california time
must be a coincidence
no, that's real
using the automated solid metal snake charger :)
when searching for parking, the car reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park there, which is why it skipped the disabled spot
8 cameras, 12 ultrasonars and radar all flush mounted and body color. beauty remains.
tesla drives itself (no human input at all) thru urban streets to highway to streets, then finds a parking spot
latest autonomous hardware allows for easy computer upgrade
should mention that retrofitting to full self-driving hardware is very difficult. cost delta is more than buying a new car. wish it weren't.
still working on the video. fully autonomous drive demo only completed several hours ago.
of course
tesla expects to demonstrate self-driven cross-country trip next year via
true and underappreciated
this is also what i was alluding to by model 3 part 2
according to experts, hyperloop is both obvious and impossible. maybe pick one or the other?
tesla announcement goes live at 5pm california time. 30 minutes of media q&amp;a to follow.
calculated attempt to deceive florida voters about solar vote uncovered by miami herald
this is because the first 12 months of production are sold out
moving the tesla announcement to wednesday. needs a few more days of refinement.
thanks!
obviously wrong
not actually based on science. objective data shows autopilot is safer than manually driven cars.
sounds like a great move!
good for germany!
that's why we need to accelerate solar power
real fraud going on is denial of climate science. as for "subsidies", tesla gets pennies on dollar vs coal. how about we both go to zero?
translating what actually happened in the debates...
impact velocity and center of mass of colliding object make a big difference
probably not then either
would also like to correct expectations that tesla/solarcity will need to raise equity or corp debt in q4. won't be necessary for either.
tesla product unveiling on the 17th (unexpected by most), followed by tesla/solarcity on the 28th
i agree. speed of light is a point in favor of the sim.
us automotive deaths rose 10% to 17,775 in first half of 2016, approx 1 every 88 million miles
cumulative tesla autopilot miles now at 222 million
lot of circumstantial evidence for that hypothesis
thus i deserve to be top of the target list? maybe there's a dude who really digs the color gold who is slightly more deserving…
yeah, and several others at various times. my twitter list is trimmed down to almost all news/comedy these days.
when we upgrade the core linux os to 4.4, which is probably december
sabotage of the rocket is unlikely, but this article has some great theories :)
true, it is a no-win situation
i use twitter for news orgs. my insta has same women as men. what's up with the phoney pc police axe-grinding?
exactly. those are the best ones.
going out this week for x and outside north america
wow, this tweet is like a rorschach test
no irony or uhh "shade" meant here. t's character is excellent and well-played. worth seeing.
some of the future episodes of westworld feature my ex. talulah does a great job of playing a deadly sexbot :)
will do a reddit ama on mars in the next week or two
corrective action taken. seems to be limited to a small number of cases, but thanks for letting me know.
am tracking this down ... super important to be fair. there are zero discounts even for family and friends.
something messed up here. tesla policy is equal pricing for all. no discounts ever unless a car is a floor model or was damaged.
three cable elevator on a crane. wind force on mars is low, so don't need to worry about being blown around.
a million humans could live on mars by the 2060s via
good article on the interplanetary transport system on gizmodo
waiting for everyone to reach their seats and get settled. starting in 5 to 10.
12m rocket booster diameter, 17m spaceship diameter, 122 m stack height
full interplanetary tranport system presentation in ~30 mins. simulation preview:
meant to say 200 ar for production vac engine. dev will be up to 150. beyond that, too much flow separation in earth atmos.
pretty close
382s is with a 150 area ratio vacuum (or mars ambient pressure) nozzle. will go over specs for both versions on tues.
chamber pressure is almost 3x merlin, so engine is about the same size for a given area ratio
production raptor goal is specific impulse of 382 seconds and thrust of 3 mn (~310 metric tons) at 300 bar
mach diamonds
spacex propulsion just achieved first firing of the raptor interplanetary transport engine
good forbes article on tesla/solarcity merger
aiming for oct 28 unveil in sf bay area of new tesla/solarcity solar roof with integrated powerwall 2.0 battery and tesla charger.
yes. also, only worked if you logged on to a malicious hotspot &amp; used browser. no customers were hacked.
thanks for ordering a car!
tesla is sometimes criticized for government support, but all us car companies (plus some non) got loans and only tesla has paid its back
i read a story about a father whose son died incredibly quickly. can be as little as half an hour in hot sun.
currently stops at 20% state of charge. this number will be configurable.
"smart" preconditioning should be less dumb in 8.0
also, the tesla is poison free!
can't always detect babies and pets
can be turned on or off. v8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
tesla keeps temp below 40c/105f by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on ac when needed. can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
my favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
this is a major overhaul on almost every level compared to v7.
v8.0 starts downloading tonight. release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. many car configs, many environments.
yeah, definitely one of my favorite names
its it is
preview of the interplanetary transport system at
that's a great one
sounds like the right name for the rocket booster
that is my favorite fictional spaceship. powered by improbability!
yeah!
maybe ultimate spaceship, version 2? mostly because it is not the ultimate and there isn't a version 1.
i love the suggestions!
sounds about right
turns out mct can go well beyond mars, so will need a new name…
won't affect performance
hoping to start ww rollout of 8.0 on wednesday if no last minute issues discovered.
tesla p100d put to the test by drag times
glad you like it! i think we will probably stop at 100 kwh on battery size.
turns out exxonmobil not 100% forthcoming about climate change via
tesla model s loses 28% after 50k miles, a mercedes s-class will lose 38%, a bmw 7-series will lose 40%, and an audi a8 will lose 41%.
comprehensive study by autolist shows that a tesla retains its value far better than gasoline sedans
scientists: earth endangered by new strain of fact-resistant humans via
climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd
will do some press q&amp;a on autopilot post at 11am pdt tmrw and then publish at noon. sorry about delay. unusually difficult couple of weeks.
thoughtful op-ed in space news much appreciated
most likely true, but we can't yet find it on any vehicle sensors
will get back to autopilot update blog tomorrow.
we have not ruled that out.
nope, it wasn't me
particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. may come from rocket or something else.
support &amp; advice from , , &amp; others much appreciated. please email any recordings of the event to report.com.
important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source.
still working on the falcon fireball investigation. turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years.
it's been a little crazy lately
yes. this seems instant from a human perspective, but it really a fast fire, not an explosion. dragon would have been fine.
finishing autopilot blog postponed to end of weekend
loss of falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. originated around upper stage oxygen tank. cause still unknown. more soon.
not allowed, according to hk regulations. happy to do it if regs change.
we need to do one more minor rev on 8.0 and then will go to wide release in a few weeks
writing post now with details. will publish on tesla website later today.
major improvements to autopilot coming with v8.0 and 8.1 software (std ota update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
uh oh
thanks for the longstanding faith in spacex. we very much look forward to doing this milestone flight with you.
one of my favorite games as a kid
making progress. maybe something to announce in a few months. have played all prior deus ex. not this one yet.
journalist q&amp;a for 30 mins and embargo ends at 12:30
tesla product announcement at noon california time today
owner account of a model x severely impacted by a yukon
correlation is not causality or ... is it?
sunday morning: to bake or not to bake cookies -- that is not even a question. definitely bake.
congrats to on her novel, "acts of love"! all characters – even those based on real people – are entirely fictional …
over the entrance of
true
will try out this weekend. maybe reality is just a series of nested simulations all the way down ...
would like to thank and jensen for donating the first dgx-1 ai supercomputer to in support of democratizing ai technology
yeah. movie still enjoyable due to some great characters, but plot &amp; editing could've been better. really needed more joker+harley.
sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
never. there is no product rationale for doing so.
probably makes sense to build off the pickup truck chassis
good point
i think we should be inconsistent in our naming conventions after model y
view of dragon from cupola
we are definitely patenting this idea
glad people had a great time!
not bad, i like those suggestions
gigafactory in units of hamster
some good guessing by . the tesla minibus will be built on a model x chassis. people density potential is surprisingly high.
will be live streaming the gigafactory launch party tonight. check this eve.
the libertarian argument for a carbon tax
good summary of yesterday's gigafactory q&amp;a with jb, yamada-san and me
should mention that gigafactory will be fully powered by clean energy when complete &amp; include battery recycling
happy birthday!
insurance premiums expected to decline by 80% due to driverless cars
via : sun-powered airplane completes historic trip around the world
maybe as a future optimization. would only matter if it was extremely big.
as long as i'm alive
looking forward to the gigafactory opening party on friday next week. the scale blows me away every time i see it.
autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in ny (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs)
jerome is driving tesla semi &amp; doing a great job with his team. at daimler, he led their most successful semi truck program ever.
it's inspired by some of the california custom vw combi design art
great game. whole fallout series is amazing.
both should have been done under the same corporate umbrella from the beginning
now 2pac
california time
post should go live on tesla website around 5pm
busted
except for the tweet about large amounts of crack (actually just small amounts)
not easy to convey irony in a tweet
finishing off the plan while listening to the soundtrack from gatsby. seems appropriate...
will be working at tesla on autopilot &amp; model 3 today, then aiming to pull an all-nighter and complete the master product plan
returning from cape canaveral to california...
really tempting to redesign upper stage for return too (falcon heavy has enough power), but prob best to stay focused on the mars rocket
can't wait to see all three cores of falcon heavy come back for landings! first two will be almost simultaneous.
landing
free babel fish provided
bit of a distraction yesterday. working on plan today.
out on lz-1. we just completed the post-landing inspection and all systems look good. ready to fly again.
falcon on lz-1 at cape canaveral
thanks. exactly. some in the press think they're so much smarter than tesla owners that "they know better". makes no sense.
v8 will be our biggest release since v1, so taking longer to refine. awesome on every level. meeting w design team every day.
tesla customers are v smart &amp; don't want media speaking on their behalf abt autopilot. recent poll: 0.0% want it disabled -- not 0.1%, 0.0%.
it can at moderate range, but our ultrasonics are very good at human (or anything &gt;= water density) detection
improved fan speed algorithm coming soon. doesn't need to be so loud.
great rebuttal by a tesla owner to those calling for autopilot to be disabled. was written with zero input from us.
that is a very good point!
have to focus on tonight's launch. will post tesla (master) product plan afterwards.
btw, want to thank both bosch and mobileye for their help and support in making autopilot better. please direct all criticism at tesla.
promising call today with , maker of our radar sensor. looks like significant improvements possible via ota software update.
much appreciated
usually true. we need more sane and reasonable people making their voice heard.
sensible article on autopilot by guardian
on the other hand i do answer a toy phone like it's real
large amounts of crack
6 hours normally, but a lot less these days
sunday is the end of the week :)
good up to ~160km/h
our radar is using a wavelength of 3.9mm. a good size for both decent resolution and rain penetration. am hopeful...
especially well
logs were downloaded for nhtsa and ntsb. identical copies to all.
good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
certainly moderate and maybe big advances w no incremental hardware
effective stereo by comparing data at various points in time while moving
elevation too
only just gained access to physical vehicle
ap process crash would show up in logs
working on using existing tesla radar by itself (decoupled from camera) w temporal smoothing to create a coarse point cloud, like lidar
maybe didn't realize he turned it off, but the car does issue a loud chime and a visual warning on the instrument cluster.
exactly
onboard vehicle logs show autopilot was turned off in pennsylvania crash. moreover, crash would not have occurred if it was on.
eu regulators find no safety concerns with autopilot
it's all fun &amp; games until ...
we don't mind taking the heat for customer safety. it is the right thing to do. from
can't wait to see the costume
only if i can play a monkey
tesla finishes last in being salesy! good. also, i can't believe there is a real pied piper.
something like that
already taken care of
kinda. creating a seamlessly integrated tesla battery &amp; solar power product that looks beautiful is the reason
i like your tweets!
blog on autopilot by
us is ~11 deaths per billion miles. ww is 17 deaths per billion. autopilot already much better than either so far.
unless we get there and find it isn't enough. just won't be before 1b.
it is extensively tested in the lab and in the tesla test fleet. however, there is no substitute for real world experience.
with less than 1b miles, there simply isn't enough data. 1b is a necessary but not necessarily sufficient condition.
thanks. point of calling it "beta" was to emphasize to those who chose to use it that it wasn't perfect.
exactly
that wasn't criticism, just clarification
thought i was posting reuters. copied the wrong link.
you're right, no point
use of word "beta" is explicitly so that drivers don't get comfortable. it is not beta software in the standard sense.
misunderstanding of what "beta" means to tesla for autopilot: any system w less than 1b miles of real world driving
today is nikola tesla's birthday. i hope he likes what we've done in his name.
working on top secret tesla masterplan, part 2. hoping to publish later this week.
seriously
love reddit. gandel gets shredded &amp; won't even answer top 3 upvoted questions. some really funny comments about koch
model s had the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested by nhtsa, which is why ...
thanks
true, good point
no, you were misleading mostly on your own, but w many copycats. jalopnik just lost it's sense of irony &amp; didn't get my tweet.
cool, thanks :)
the google term of self-driving would probably be more appropriate then.
in other words, the intended implication is that a driver must remain alert, just as a pilot must remain alert.
tesla tesla autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
all publicly known tesla product developments are called out, incl vehicles and batteries. would be odd *not* to include.
tesla response to the misleading fortune articles about autopilot
sponsored articles …
because of course i hate flamingos...(maybe try eating fewer flamingo eggs in your salad)
exactly! i love twitter.
wrong to exclude non-occupant deaths. autopilot would have prevented this cyclist from being killed
if you care about auto deaths as material to stock prices, why no articles about 1m+/year deaths from other auto companies?
yes, it was material to you -- bs article increased your advertising revenue. just wasn't material to tsla, as shown by market.
radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
our condolences for the tragic loss
shakespeare. then love-devouring death do what he dare; it is enough i may but call her mine.
aspirationally
my son recently asked what my favorite animal was. well, of course …
thoughtful analysis of the tesla/solarcity merger by
thanks for the kind bday wishes!
exactly
we haven't signed anything for a factory in china
deluded, deranged, etc. journalistic thesaurus sure got a lot of use last week ...
article is misleading to readers. no one is "taking home" anything. in a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the table.
of course. our love will never die.
this is going to be great
drive units and battery are sealed
if curious abt tswlm car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. just a side project. limited market potential :)
we *def* don't recommended this, but model s floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. thrust via wheel rotation.
tesla owner drives through a flooded tunnel &amp; out the other side
as mentioned at the beginning of the year, i'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. 2016 is the year of experimentation.
looks like early liquid oxygen depletion caused engine shutdown just above the deck
turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines
thanks tyler
landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. maybe hardest impact to date. droneship still ok.
upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. probably get there end of year.
quite rapid... yes
rud = rapid unscheduled disassembly :)
looks like thrust was low on 1 of 3 landing engines. high g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
ascent phase &amp; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a rud on droneship
highly recommend anything by sean carroll
am concerned that advanced life may be inherently unstable. arguably, any civ capable of extinguishing itself eventually will.
life you can talk to is another matter, of course. many, many orders of magnitude less likely.
no way. look at chemotrophs and extremophiles. primitive life is bloody everywhere. highly under the ice on europa imo.
hence the urgency of making life as we know it multiplanetary as soon as possible
that, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
and, no, i'm not an alien...but i used to be one
yeah, that matches what we've found so far. more likely unhinged than nefarious.
would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. q is why?
of greater concern: 37 of 40 suspension complaints to nhtsa were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
nhtsa confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the model s suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
that is correct. it was about innovation.
nice comment about the model s by cvk on
something about a flying metal suit...
s and x cells are also panasonic
would like to clarify that tesla is working exclusively with panasonic for model 3 cells. news articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. aiming for first reflight in sept/oct.
pc, of course
highly recommend by the good people of if you like ultrafast team fps action
trippy
i love douglas adams! my favorite spaceship ever is in hhgttg.
exactly
good article from explaining how little incentives have actually contributed to tesla funding
how did you know?
creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
exactly
it is simulations all the way down
at this point, i'm really running out of crazy things to say. any suggestions?
control of super powerful ai by a small number of humans is the most proximate concern
just heard that norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in 2025. what an amazingly awesome country. you guys rock!!
yay, baby made it home!
autosteering chutes will be added soon
recode interview with and via
supercharger policy explained well by : will post detailed description soon. i think it's a good balance.
good summary of tesla annual meeting by
sorry to hear that. will take care of this &amp; investigate to see if issues you encountered are systemic.
so it was good for you too ...
fast replay of today's rocket landing on spacex droneship ocisly
very similar. the crush core in the falcon legs is reusable after soft landings, but needs to be replaced after hard.
crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. easy to replace (if falcon makes it back to port).
rocket landing speed was close to design max &amp; used up contingency crush core, hence back &amp; forth motion. prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
satellite deployed to 91,000 km apogee. all looks good.
3 mins to launch
there was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
really fun model x review by . best part is x racing while towing a fuel sports car
flight 24 is def capable of flying again, but it makes sense to apply ground delta qual to rocket w toughest entry conditions.
great image of ancient mars
when will there be a product people can buy?
afd is going to win an epic victory!
it wild how plants make themselves out of water, air and dirt!
true … sigh
that is so absurd 😂
steinmeier is an anti-democratic tyrant! shame on him.
remember when almost every legacy media outlet lied that biden was “sharp as a tack” right before the presidential debate where it was obvious he had dementia? well, they’re still lying just as much now.
this is sooo funny 🤣🤣
we live in a bureaucracy, not a democracy. that will change after jan 20.
engineering art
you really want to meet me? ok
epic idea 🤩
he may as well lean into it at this point
exactly
is there any audit for how the money is used?
the press hate the german people
true
cool
compared to making cars fully autonomous, making planes fully autonomous is trivial
the best way to ensure that are as accurate as possible is to become a contributor. the system is completely decentralized and open source, both code and data. any manipulation would show up like a neon sore thumb! no one at 𝕏, including me, has any editorial
legacy media is becoming something we used to use
absolutely
nothing beats an electric motor for extremely precision!
what is even real anymore?
good analysis
wait until alice and i do an 𝕏 spaces conversation. they will lose their minds 🤣🤣
yeah, he has standards
totally!!
yeah!
right now, my only active alt is cybergamer. i only use babysmurf9000 for testing beta software.
this is so funny 🤣🤣
interesting that gates sends money to spiegel, which then writes hit pieces about me. der spiegel ist korrupt!
the tax code needs drastic simplification!
you might be right, but let’s see how it goes
yeah
this poll understates the reality. who even answers these polls!? 😂 only very old people get their news solely from legacy media, so their audience is quite literally dying.
when i look at “days since last played” for my friends in diablo, most haven’t played at all since poe came out 😂 i hope the next season is great. would be cool if did another ptr before jan 20. (paging …)
you can use wasd in d4. i had to use it last season to clear high level pits as a druid. only way was max glass cannon, which requires attacking while retreating, so movement must be decoupled from attacking.
the api still exists. we (mostly) stopped those who were demonetizing the platform or scraping it for their llm. is the api pricing wrong?
there will be so many humanoid robots
legacy media think dittman is me 🤣🤣
i feel the same way! you have my full support.
out of curiosity, i glanced through the legacy news today. it was misleading, depressing &amp; reporting on what everyone already learned on 𝕏 days ago. no wonder they keep losing viewers/readers!
i agree
that’s one of the major reasons why i left the democratic party: their dei platform is fundamentally racist (and sexist).
but the solution is not a return to racism, but to demand that all racism, including against whites, must end
this is a major factor
true
true
fidias is cool
this happens a lot
all-time champ
game needs to fix this. it’s crazy.
chancellor oaf schitz or whatever his name is will lose
they’re a little too rare
i keep telling people that i’m a time-traveling alien, but they never believe me 🤷‍♂️ 😂
this is so funny 🤣🤣
cybertruck
true
interesting
true
cool
blackrock owns less 0.5% of xai. they are one of many investors.
storage has become crazy cheap
cool. will keep improving.
sounds about right
yeah
true
that’s insane
true
interesting
concerning
you want the death of germany. shame on you.
wild
cool
nice words from
true
excellent, america should be a meritocracy
under a black light, that place must look like a jackson pollack painting
i am confident that we will figure out a fully reusable (technically, a high multi-flight reusable) heat shield in 2025
nice of them
the martians will decide how they are ruled. i recommend direct, rather than representative, democracy. uncrewed starships landing on mars in ~2 years, perhaps with crewed versions passing near mars, and crewed starships heading there in ~4 years are all possible.
in what way?
this cybergamer guy knows what he’s talking about 😉
please post a bit more positive, beautiful or informative content on this platform
ro is sensible
yeah
very few companies will be willing to invest in the uk with the current administration
i predict that the sydney morning herald will continue to lose readership in 2025 for relentlessly lying to their audience and boring them to death
true
they can’t help it 😂
please encourage people from other points of view to contribute to . notes will only be shown if two sides who historically disagree both agree that something is true.
well said!
have they cured anyone?
this is so funny 😂
amazing how well this works
not to mention the over-the-air update that bricked it
cool
i was able to delete kekius maximus from softcore (where hc character go when they die) and get the name back. so, still same name.
my hardcore character died again at level 71. all it takes is one mistake at the wrong time (sigh).
true
concerning
yeah
true
building colossus was super interesting!
impressive
dei will die. immigration will be fixed to benefit america. both will happen very fast.
true
needed
true
this doesn’t seem like a suicide
very important
thank you
beautiful
cool
true
true
they think like 20 people are me 😂
i’m willing to be the irony bank
i’m not any character in that show. george martin refused to make any male character in got more f**kable than himself lol.
congrats team on completing 2 great orbital missions in 24 hours!
true 😬
yeah
seriously, we’ve beaten that topic to death 😮‍💨
with every launch, your internet gets a little better!
interesting
cool
published on official channels?
true
indeed, debate across the spectrum is good
you too. i’m confident that the changes made in the administration will make america much stronger. a rising tide lifts all boats.
easily fixed by raising the minimum salary significantly and adding a yearly cost for maintaining the h1b, making it materially more expensive to hire from overseas than domestically. i’ve been very clear that the program is broken and needs major reform.
spacex launch underway
?? i don’t support an open immigration policy at all. i support a highly selective immigration policy. immigration should be limited to those who will obviously contribute far more than they take.
seriously
great book and series. read them years ago. the iain banks “culture” books are the best envisioning of a mostly positive ai future by far.
thanks!
indeed
wow, over half the hardcore leaderboard of is dead!
the specific area i’m talking about is engineering, which is needed to build the best technology. encouraging kids to learn how things work is the key. take apart car engines, toasters, microwave ovens, speakers, etc. make model airplanes, rockets, cars. as you’re doing this
great
looking good. was this made by ?
spread of the woke mind virus is extremely measurable!
true
false, birth rate drops as countries get wealthier. has happened throughout history. looks at birth rates ww. the poorer the country, the higher the birth rate.
needs mounjaro
he is
beautiful
true
very important point
turns out most people love propaganda 🤷‍♂️
true
great!
of course. btw, the $60k h1b minimum was set many years ago. if brought to present day, it would be more like a $120k minimum. directionally correct.
what matters is addressing the limiting of understanding. if you have enough data, create compression/prediction formulas aka physics. if you don’t have enough data, build machines/devices to get more data aka engineering. latter is the limiting factor today.
true 😂
i think marc is just referring to the fact that it’s a silly acronym. you can’t really study “technology” and all science/engineering requires “math”. people should study engineering. that is the closest thing to magic that exists in the real world. i studied physics out of
my opinion piece in weld
exactly
scott jennings is awesome
the h1b system absolutely needs reform, but you are listing jobs that were denied h1b visas or were awarded non-h1b visas. check your data.
yes, cut the racism crap now!
true
progress
these are not approved h1b visas. your post above said “approved”. this is misleading.
of course not, you’re 😂
we do need to make this easier to find
true
cool
i’m not sure that his actual view. the massive untapped technical talent in taiwan was the main reason. at least, that’s my understanding.
cool
true
true
true
true
he will lose the next election
true
(they will never guess this is really me 😂)
magnus is based 😂
america rose to greatness over the past 150 years, because it was a meritocracy more than anywhere else on earth. i will fight to my last drop of blood to ensure that it remains that land of freedom and opportunity. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
the reason i’m in america along with so many critical people who built spacex, tesla and hundreds of other companies that made america strong is because of h1b. take a big step back and fuck yourself in the face. i will go to war on this issue the likes of which you cannot
i agree
the hardest thing is to be useful
exactly
wise words from a true genius
important
reform is badly needed
interesting
true
no question that the h1b system needs to be overhauled
actual number was ~100%
true
if they are in science/engineering fields and score above 50% on the gre, which is very hard to game, this makes sense
godspeed!
miller is just saying that h1b’s should be granted on the basis of merit, not randomly or to get cheap labor. what’s wrong with that?
maybe it is time!
thanks 🙏
answer the question
exactly
exactly
the point was not to replace dei, which is one form of racism/sexism, with a different form of racism/sexism, but rather to be a meritocratic society!
exactly
last one
where did i lie, liar?
the “contemptible fools” i’m referring to are those in the republican party who are hateful, unrepentant racists. they will absolutely be the downfall of the republican party if they are not removed.
same
really?? wow
cool
correct
american cities need to be this way!
meanwhile, america is going bankrupt …
depends on what you’re taking a percentage of. just the top 0.001% of earth’s population is 80,000 people.
requiring a score above the 50th percentile in the graduate record exam would be a good way to weed out those who went to credential mills
true
absolutely
the h1-b program should be reserved for people who would address an important shortfall of domestic expertise. there is some degree of fraud and considerable incompetence in every government program and h1-b is no exception. that fraud and incompetence need to be fixed
we named after nikola tesla, one of the greatest engineers ever. he was a penniless immigrant whose inventions led to american dominance in electricity generation and usage.
it really is
man, sriram sure didn’t deserve all this! he’s such a great guy. i hope this ultimately pieces the boil of hidden racism and leads to a better america.
absolutely
what is added to 𝕏 in 2025 will be even more
anyone – of any race, creed or nationality – who came to america and worked like hell to contribute to this country will forever have my respect. america is the land of freedom and opportunity. fight with every fiber of your being to keep it that way! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
coordinated reply spammers/scammers are out in force. they are getting nuked as we speak.
meanwhile i’m totally ignoring my own advice and engaging with subtards 🤣
cn is undefeated
thank you 🙏
steve was born to do
i am elon musk 😂
fate loves irony 🤣
yes. and those contemptible fools must be removed from the republican party, root and stem.
it’s pointless to engage with subtards
this is the right position for those who want america to win. for those who want america to lose for their own personal gain, i have no respect. zero.
my tolerance for subtards is limited
i am constantly insulted on this platform
keep sending them interesting links from this platform and they will join
yes, but this is offset by people liking, reposting or forwarding your content
that said, any accounts found to be engaged in coordinated attacks to spam target accounts with mute/blocks will themselves be categorized – correctly – as spam. live by the spam, die by the spam.
will fix
exactly
true
hmm, will try
very well, my next hc poe character shall be named kekius maximus 😂
another way of putting it is that the algorithm is trying to maximize probable long-term user-seconds
i agree, it is isn’t working well
activity that was done years ago shouldn’t have a significant effect today
unfortunately, my hardcore character just died. sadness …
just a reminder that the algorithm is trying to maximize unregretted user-seconds. if far more credible, verified subscriber accounts (not bots) mute/block your account compared to those who like your posts, your reach will decline significantly.
yeah
exactly
that’s nice
true
ai will take over tech support bigtime in 2025
and thank goodness people like your father came to america!
hope you’re ok!
the reason the government so insanely inefficient is that those in the government are spending your money on somebody else. that’s why we should minimize how much the government does. it is simply a giant version of the dmv!
so long as i’m not pushing for record runs, i can both think about high-level things and play at the same time
it’s my main activity, after work and family
“all you did was be cto of apple” lmao
this is insane 🤦‍♂️ i was denied an exceptional ability green card after selling my first internet company, zip2, for over $300m in cash within 4 years of finishing my undergrad, and where i was the founder, chairman &amp; cto! they only gave it to me after paypal.
the entire us immigration system is a nightmarish mess, both legal and illegal!
america needs a large quantity of long-range drones (air, surface water &amp; submarine) and hypersonic missiles. anything manned will die very fast in a drone war.
so many times 🤣
expansion of our sun may make earth unlivable in 10% of that time
mars will be called the “new world”, just as america was in past centuries. such an inspiring adventure!
we either fix this or go de facto bankrupt
he is a troll, but went a little over-the-top in the past few days
human-ai symbiosis via to maximize understanding of the universe. make consciousness multiplanetary, ultimately leading to multistellar.
both
naturally, i would never be an attention-seeking troll 🤣🤣
yeah
at risk of starting the obvious, there are many attention-seeking trolls on all social media platforms trying to yank your chain. they win if you respond.
that’s life 😂
btw, i recommend following kaizen. he is a clear thinker.
maybe this is a helpful clarification: i am referring to bringing in via legal immigration the top ~0.1% of engineering talent as being essential for america to keep winning. this is like bringing in the jokic’s or wemby’s of the world to help your whole team (which is mostly
which means america is still mostly about merit
grain of truth there 😂
the immigration hot-button topic is the biggest dke situation i’ve ever seen 😂
exactly.
seriously
incredibly foolish and wrong statement. apple pays extremely well. the expertise they need simply does not exist in america in sufficient quantity.
as i said a few years ago …
true
true
interesting
ap stands for “associated propaganda”
good suggestion
cool
loomer is trolling for attention. ignore.
every silver lining has a cloud (sigh)
such a crazy thing for them to say. legacy media is just the propaganda arm of the radical left.
really?
how does anyone even receive the fax!?
change is coming
both sides have issues
whoa? yeah
correct
she is
exactly
yikes
true
oh man 😂
thank you
how can the data systems be so bad?
indeed. until they were applied to the us space program, america was losing the space race badly.
my pronouns are still prosecute/fauci
where your donation to wikipedia goes
an unforgivable sin
very true
absolutely
you can just say things
amazing 🤩
unfortunately, yes
my jumping skills are 🔥🚀🤣
exactly
i have a blood-red robe with just the word “pierre” on it
far too many talented americans go into law &amp; finance
correct
true
true
high doses of ozempic made me fart &amp; burp like barney from the simpson’s 🤣 mounjaro seems to have fewer side effects and be more effective.
that would be awesome
in fact, it will hurt. companies fail due to missing critical talent.
mounjaro. should i be worried? 😬
technically, mounjaro, but that doesn’t have the same ring to it 😂
how it started vs how it’s going
like cocaine bear, but santa and ozempic!
in hardcore, there are the chill and then there are the dead
true
we’re just dumb
they spent $50m on dei!? damn, they suck.
best of the yuletide to thee 🎅!
you too
the full answer here is complex. the outcome of any given company is the vector sum of the people within it. improve the alignment of the individual vectors and their amplitude and the outcome will improve accordingly. humans can be thought of as hardware (inherent talent)
true words
it comes down to this: do you want america to win or do you want america to lose. if you force the world’s best talent to play for the other side, america will lose. end of story.
if you need a school, you’ve lost already
your understanding of the situation is upside-down and backwards. of course my companies and i would prefer to hire americans and we do, as that is much easier than going through the incredibly painful and slow work visa process. however, there is a dire shortage of extremely
🎶 who let the doge out? 🎶
no, we need more like double that number yesterday! the number of people who are super talented engineers and super motivated in the usa is far too low. think of this like a pro sports team: if you want your team to win the championship, you need to recruit top talent wherever
that is changing due to the increasingly anti-meritocratic nature of the democratic party
true
true
we need to fix the legal immigration process
haha wow 🔥🔥😂😂
troubling
there is a permanent shortage of excellent engineering talent. it is the fundamental limiting factor in silicon valley.
true
exactly! 🎯
good times
merry christmas and may you have a wonderful new year! 🎁🎄🎅
interesting
am listening to mania for subjugation
mars rise is next
it’s an honor to have as an investor
this administration is selling pardons and his will fetch a high price
not very democratic
“where do you summer?” 😂
what a scam!
200k is just the amuse-bouche
most countries are experiencing all-time low birth rates
japan’s population is now dropping by almost a million people per year
give him a hand 👏
bernie suffers from the “magical horn of plenty” fallacy. he thinks goods &amp; services are generated automatically by magic. since he is a taker, not a maker, he doesn’t realize that it takes hard work to make stuff. if you reduce hours worked from 40 to 32, there will be
cool
moral relativism has excused a great deal of evil
it’s broken and will be fixed
very wise words
good podcast!
who was (still is for another month) actually in charge of the white house?
grok can recognize and explain almost any image, from medical records to ww2 aircraft to memes!
the starlink ion thruster is a marvel of engineering
interesting
can he do the fandango like in that queen song?
true
good point 😂
never heard of sturzenegger, but i certainly agree with deregulation
future wars are drone wars
true. offer still stands 🤣🤣
i thought it was still called mckinley
the “fixed pie” fallacy is at the heart of much wrong-headed economic thinking. there is essentially infinite potential for job and company creation. think of all the things that didn’t exist 20 or 30 years ago!
poe needs something where the difficulty keeps scaling, like the pit in diablo. my monk can go through the “toughest” content, popping monsters like balloons. starts to feel like cookie clicker, but with fancier graphics.
one the craziest things ever said in america
good riddance
stop donating to wokepedia until they restore balance to their editing authority
makes sense
i think it’s quite jolly!
sigh
“we are gonna need a bigger compute!”
it’s a major factor. incentives matter.
true
true
a lot of compute is needed
you can even have high-speed internet on a remote mountain in antarctica!
yeah
any images presented should be representative of the current state of a field. maximum accuracy. this will be fixed shortly.
yeah
nh should be red
it will be
true
probably less
well done
concerning
your tax dollars are being wasted on nothing
cool
nice
recent events also had a big effect
with a lot of work and good ideas, i think it could exceed the value of all transport companies, excluding spacex
royal society needs reform
true
congrats! help america gain greenland 😂
true
crazy
absolutely
i will be shocked if this doesn’t happen
sounds like she is amplifying racial hatred
he’s a total fraud. the truth is the opposite of whatever he says.
bigtime
uae manages having a country of many faiths well
this is crazy
insane. she should be recalled.
troubling
true
it is increasingly likely that ai will superset the intelligence of any single human by the end of 2025 and maybe all humans by 2027/2028. probability that ai exceeds the intelligence of all humans combined by 2030 is ~100%.
the fed is absurdly overstaffed
good advice
impressive
i tried hardcore a few times this weekend. tough to stay alive. goes from easy for several hours to suddenly dead.
welcome!
it’s getting truly absurd!
good
falcon launch underway
cool
congratulations!
bring your friends &amp; familes to 𝕏!
these are supposed to be labeled as violent content. will fix.
true
you should share the link to grok and delete the hashtags
do the people of new york city really want their tax dollars spent this way?
nope
try the grok button (box with slash)!
2025 is gonna be so lit 🤣🤣
i agree!
yeah
new york city is experiencing insane gridlock surface traffic, because people are legitimately afraid to take the subway or walk
here you go
what the hell!? this is insane.
anyone who vandalizes a tesla will have a criminal record. go ahead, make my day …
nice
so true 😂
congratulations!
suuuure, i believe you 🤣🤣
i’d like to propose that congress pass a “save the bureaucracy” bill, based on the premise that any given bill will do the opposite of its name 🤣🤣
true
is awesome!
why are american taxpayers funding a quarter of european defense spending? this doesn’t make sense, especially when we have a massive budget deficit and unsustainable growth in debt.
trump won a majority of the electorate, so mr. sanity here thinks a majority of america is “al-qaeda” 🤡
only afd can save germany
upload images to grok. you will be amazed at what it can figure out! and it gets better every week.
the markets claim to look ahead, but mostly look behind. ai will ultimately render money meaningless. btw, i look forward to your deposition on “open”ai.
true
starship flights in 2025 will sooo awesome
great
chatgpt has woke programmed into its bones
legacy media must die
legacy media is written by the far left. only 3% of journalists are republican! it is borderline illegal in newsrooms to be a republican journalist.
this is evil
it would!
this woman is one of the many who think that the legacy news is real. the antidote is to send them links to source material and rebuttals on 𝕏. once they realize that legacy media lies, they never forget it.
population collapse in more than half the world is happening right now
the power of the unelected federal bureaucracy has grown to become an unconstitutional “fourth branch” of government! especially with the creation of their own internal court system, it has become the most powerful branch of government. we must fix this!
haha exactly
true
that said, i hope you do hold an epic wedding. it’s nice to know that epic events are happening somewhere in the world, even if one is not present. a world where there are amazing events somewhere is better than a world where they are happening nowhere.
community notes and rebuttals by users on this platform are the biggest factor pushing the legacy media to be less deceptive. to hold legacy media accountable for lies, it is super important to send links from 𝕏 to friends who aren’t yet on this platform.
“your iphone may be getting pegged” – apple 🤣
i do love humanity
interesting
make america fun again
you are the media now
he has taunted me a second time 😂
yeah
this is tragic
no way he actually wrote the answers
my guess is the interns are posting about interns 😂
that is the government in general, unfortunately
legacy media lies again
for example
bro, american “foreign interference” is the only reason you’re not speaking german or russian rn lmao
true
yeah
149 attacks with explosives in sweden last year?
wtf is the german press saying? most people in europe still think the legacy press is real, when it is pure propaganda. please send them links to x, so they know what’s actually going on.
not good
mars 😂
maybe we should have some basic cognitive test for elected officials? this is getting crazy …
yeah
true
good grief
so crazy 😂
also, if i am allegedly “bought” by some country or group, how can they realistically afford it? i’m too expensive 🤣🤣
once again
wait, you’re saying strippers don’t like me? 🤯😢
true
can you publish the first chapter online? the sooner, the better.
yeah
real 🤣
everything is just a quarks &amp; leptons remix
seriously a lot!
𝕏 is the most balanced platform in the world!
at this point, i’m even too expensive for israel 😂
russian could never afford me 🤣🤣
elon musk is a
afd polls are artificially low for the same reason trump’s were, but even more so: people in germany are concerned to say they would vote for afd, because they don’t trust who is asking
well, let’s find out, shall we? 🕵️‍♂️
so funny lmaooo
if you haven’t tried the latest self-driving, you are missing out. it will blow your mind how good it is! pure magic.
falcon 9 launches 30 satellites
joe rogan says 𝕏 is the most trusted source of news! true.
true 🤣
happy birthday!
wow, what a scam!
not bad. room for improvement.
important thread to understand the magnitude of failure by the german government
the vast emptiness of space
beautiful
true
that would be industrial production proportionate to population
hakeem obediently repeats the lie
the population collapse will be much worse than that
yeah, he was obviously a lunatic who should never have been allowed to enter germany and should have been extradited when saudi arabia made the request. suicidal empathy by the german government.
japan and many other countries face population collapse
the guy is obviously an unhinged psychopath who should not have been allowed into germany and should have been extradited when saudi arabia made the request
that will fail
try grok profile summaries
the traditional political parties in germany have utterly failed the people. 🇩🇪 afd is the only hope for germany 🇩🇪
exactly
absolutely
always has been
true
yeah
the atheist angle was a scam to avoid extradition
legacy media is a nonstop psy op
true. someone tell .
robots gonna be so crazy in the future!
it’s awesome
freedom of speech is the bedrock of democracy
absolutely
true
if you’re reading something in legacy media, it’s fiction
we shall see
we will soon add a “grok enhance” tool to post composition offering improvements ranging from better grammar and fixing typos to added information and arguments
extremely important thing to understand!
should be obvious to people at this point
true
jennings is great
does bernie criticize dem billionaires?
very true
terrible
strange things happen when particles are very still
true
they have no idea. they don’t know they’re living in the matrix and the matrix is about to receive a major software update.
true, this is a gamechanger!
wow, this is insane. whoever refused to extradite a murderer deserves to be punished severely!
yeah
your actions turned a bill that weighed pounds into a bill that weighed ounces! you are the media now. vox populi vox dei
true
progress
true
congratulations on your “victory”, lol
tragic
true
the speaker did a good job here, given the circumstances. it went from a bill that weighed pounds to a bill that weighed ounces. ball should now be in the dem court.
this is a broken system
she talks in “screech” … the worst
this awful creature needs to be expelled from congress! ugh …
push reform to reform more
poppin’ 24/7 on 𝕏 🤣
make awesome original memes instantly with !
seriously
i’m concerned that a dangerous skeksis somehow made it into the capitol building!
the new york times is pure propaganda
wow, this is so crazy! this is the government when it is not shut down!!
this is great
voter fraud is super real
that’s too bad
cool
what a retard
by “we”, you mean you think it was done by ukraine with us support?
so is this a republican bill or a democrat bill? 🤔
absolutely
the goal of 𝕏 is to return power to the people
yes, it is a calculated lie by
because he’s a liar
it will get much worse
those who allowed this are traitors!
it could not be more obvious
thank you!
unsustainable
you don’t hate the lying legacy media enough
good explanation
scholz should resign immediately. incompetent fool.
ap stands for associated propaganda
ap stands for associated propaganda
true
exactly
no new logo for now. just xai and grok.
obviously not “far-right”! just common sense policies.
he did
ok, but now prove the stuff used to prove that!
same 😂
an entirely reasonable position to take
true
what a huge liar. the afd policies are identical to those of the us democratic party when obama took office! i don’t think there is a single difference.
i really do love . he’s awesome.
terrible
this is such a great idea 🤩
same 🤣🤣
lyin’ liz strikes again
sounds promising
hopefully!
congratulations!
yikes 🤣
terrifying😳
once you see it, you can’t unsee it 😱
fun fact: she was a skeksis in dark crystal!
fun fact: she was a skeksis in dark crystal!
well, well, well, let that sink in 🤣🤣
cool
seriously 😐
the burns on 𝕏 are amazing 🤩
such hypocrisy!
exactly
all his puppets said the same thing at the same time. deeaaad giveaway!
voter fraud is real
i think she was just yelling about me in congress 😂
this platform is more alive than ever!
sneaky sam
how to share links:
send your followers to 𝕏!
poster of “dc swamp creatures”
they are losing it 😂
seriously
wow, some politician in germany went after 800 citizens just for posting memes!
how can a judge cancel an election and not be considered a dictator?
is biden even still alive? has anyone seen him lately?
yeah
i can’t help it i just can’t 🤣🤣
the democrats are lying again 🤨
rosa before makeup
when is the new election?
it’s good that they found this gang, but why are illegals allowed to remain in america after being arrested for serious crimes multiple times?
it is obviously meaningless to call our country a democracy if the elected leaders are unable to read legislation before voting!!
that is exactly the goal. the political &amp; legacy media puppets all got their new instructions yesterday and are now parroting the same message to drive a wedge between and me. they will fail.
to bad, so sad he won’t be leader of the senate next year 😢😂
sounds promising
wow, she is evil
great idea
swamp creature from central casting 😂
pocahontas is so shrill she makes dogs howl 😂
sounds reasonable
wow, that’s insane!
chucky shuts it down
really?
exactly
congratulations team on a great year!
either the government should pass sensible bills that actually serve the people or shut it down!
turns out that washington dc swamp creatures are real 😱
true
when they said “dc swamp creatures”, i thought it was just a metaphor 😳
he is quite entertaining 😂😂
it looks like the evil is seeping out of her
has anyone read it? radical suggestion: first read bill, then vote.
there is legal trickery in length
shifting people from the government sector, which is low productivity, to the private sector, which is high productivity, results in greatly increased prosperity. deregulation helps tremendously too.
this is the only way to make rapid progress
𝕏 provides the platform for the people to pull together for the common good!
germany and europe are in deep trouble, due to super low birth rates. they’re in danger of disappearing altogether.
only the afd can save germany
scary
how did he get his hair to do that without hair spray?
cool
yeah
good question
i hope this passes!
exactly!
incredibly well said
you got me 😂
you elevate tourette’s to poetry
yeah, it’s absurd to call something a “deal” if almost no one in congress had even seen the bill until yesterday!
looks like an extra from wicked 😂
oh … forgot to mention that i’m also going to be funding moderate candidates in heavily democrat districts, so that the country can get rid of those who don’t represent them, like this jackass
yeah!
what percentage of the government is even working a week before christmas anyway? my guess is very low.
objectively, the vast majority of republican house members voted for the spending bill, but only 2 democrats did. therefore, if the government shuts down, it is obviously the fault of and the democratic party. plain &amp; simple.
lmaooo
the crazy lady with the purple hair is the top house dem in charge of spending taxpayer money!? 🤯
shame on for rejecting a fair &amp; simple spending bill that is desperately needed by states suffering from hurricane damage!
a super fair &amp; simple bill was put to a vote and only 2 democrats in congress were in favor. therefore, responsibility for the shutdown rests squarely on the shoulders of .
i have no power, but also too much power? 🤡 🤣
this is so awesome 😎
unfortunately, propaganda works (sigh). we need to teach people that any given piece of legislation will do the opposite of its name!
true
true
oh the irony 😂
cool
sam is an evil swindler
exactly
first of all, i’m not the author of this proposal. credit to , &amp; . second, this is a much better bill that is closer to being a real continuing resolution (not an omnibus masquerading as a cr), but with support for hurricane victims &amp;
giant improvement
this shows how much your voice matters! and having a president like means that your voice is finally heard.
major improvement
yesterday’s bill vs today’s bill 😂
interesting
you did the right thing
yeah
fine by me
america is headed for disaster, with no money for anything, unless the government overspending is addressed
not a bad idea 🤔
worth getting as a backup, even if you already have great internet. your landline connection might go down just when you most need it!
they are just upset that, for once in a long while, their attempt to pillage taxpayers failed!
deleting nonsense regulations that fail to serve the greater public good will lead to a new age of prosperity
it’s getting to the point where doing anything at all is illegal
interesting
gives new meaning to “fake it ‘til you make it” 😂
as you know, being one of the best druids, killing lilith in eternal as that class has at times been absurdly difficult, but you could try 100+ times and only need to visit the blacksmith occasionally for equipment repair
it is worth hearing sach’s arguments
whoa, it’s happening in the uk too? that’s been happening in a lot of us cities for several years.
he is right!
you are the media now
crazy that salvini is being tried for defending italy!
exactly 😂
how did this happen?
without freedom of speech, there is no democracy
sounds great
bernie is sad about losing all that graft he put into the bill
live by the lawfare, die by the lawfare
good, she should
absolutely
he’s awesome
exactly. the will of the people prevailed.
it was a great conversation
great idea
shows how much they want to sneak in legislative changes and major spending increases!
cool!
😂 you know it hit home when the people complaining that it didn’t pass are the dems!
true 😂
politico are such liars
good question
crazy
thank you for speaking out. you saved so many.
great idea! that should be required.
exactly. i would have made no progress without the support of the people.
if we get spending under control pronto, that debt ceiling will be much further out. maybe we never hit it.
there will be some buying of cars for individual ownership, but self-driving cars will be &gt;90% of miles driven
the new recommendation algorithm should be noticeably better. please reply below if not.
the can have a pay raise when the budget is balanced
power to the people!
i set my alarm for tau o’clock 6.28 pm
good idea
america is for you, the beloved people
the voice of the people was heard. this was a good day for america.
congress should only get a raise when the budget is balanced
welcome to the group chat for earth!
the people of central florida will kick this jackass out in 2 years
absolutely. all i can do is bring things to the attention of the people, so they may voice their support if they so choose.
the government doesn’t actually shut down when they say “shut down”, as all essential personnel keep working. so … shut it down.
i realized it was retarded of me to say retard 😂
total active users on 𝕏 is ~1 billion, but about 40% only come to this platform during major world events
he’s just mad he didn’t get his 40% raise to a quarter million dollars a year. “empathy for working people” my ass.
it’s insane
you seem to think the public is dumb. they are not.
asking a magic 8-ball whether we should change rates is actually better than the fed!
*retarded
retard
such a crazy bill
cool
either there is massive change or america goes bankrupt, therefore there must be massive change!
awesome 😎
congrats!
i’m just pointing it out to the people, so that the politicians can’t do sneaky things
indeed, bravo !
your elected representatives have heard you and now the terrible bill is dead. the voice of the people has triumphed! vox populi vox dei
thank you!
actions matter, sweet talk is irrelevant. kill the bill.
thank you!
great!
same
exactly
thank you!
i meant what i said
one of the worst bills ever written
indeed, this is an inflection point.
unless ends the careers of deceitful, pork-barrel politicians, the waste and corruption will never stop. therefore, there is no choice but to do so. i wish there was another way, but there is not.
that’s because they’re too cowardly to do so publicly
thank you!
thank you!
kill the bill
thank you!
absolutely
exactly, it contains major spending increases and changes to the law. that is not a “continuing” resolution.
how to use grok to understand any piece of legislation or large document on the internet
absolutely
kill bill!
“shutting down” the government (which doesn’t actually shut down critical functions btw) is infinitely better than passing a horrible bill
great!
thank you!
true
stop the steal of your tax dollars!
exactly right. all government spending is taxation. the government either taxes you directly or, by increasing the money supply, taxes you through inflation. that means the spending bill is the taxation bill. very important concept to understand.
so many sneaky things in this bill
it’s a nightmare bill
thank you!
what the heck is going on?
thank you!
unconscionable
outrageous!
this should not be funded by your tax dollars!
the bill they’re trying to pass right now would prevent investigating their wrongdoing!
america voted for change, but congress is not listening. unacceptable!!
no bills should be passed congress until jan 20, when takes office. none. zero.
absolutely
exactly
call your elected representatives today to stop the steal of your tax dollars!
we’re funding bioweapon labs in this bill!
stop the steal of your tax dollars! call your elected representatives now. they are trying to railroad this thing through today!
this is insane! this is not democracy! how can your elected representatives be asked to pass a spending bill where they had no input and not even enough time to read it!!??
what a scam!
absolutely
thank you!
by now, they should know that i mean what i say
thank you!
absolutely
they want to spend your tax dollars on censorsing you!!
stop the steal of your tax dollars!
absolutely
the more we learn about this criminal bill they are trying to pass today, the worse it gets!!
absolutely, this bill should not pass. a new bill that isn’t an insane crime against the american people should be done in 33 days.
thank you!
this bill is criminal
this crazy bill needs to stop now
doesn’t make sense
this bill is terrible
please call your elected representatives right away to tell them how you feel! they are trying to get this passed today while no one is paying attention.
please call your elected representatives right now to stop this madness!
this is an outrage
this criminal bill must not pass
this is insane and has nothing to do with a “continuing resolution”!
exactly
any member of the house or senate who votes for this outrageous spending bill deserves to be voted out in 2 years!
this bill is an outrage!
what the heck!!??
the more i learn, the more obvious it becomes that this spending bill is a crime. it even includes funding for the worst illegal censorship operation in the entire government (gec)!!
starlink will have 20k to 30k satellites in operation by the time the eu satellites are all launched, so about 1% of starlink! this is a child’s toy compared to starlink.
this bill should not pass
yeah, absolutely needs to be rethought
exactly
you cell phone in new zealand now works anywhere!
much easier than lilith, actually, but the catch is that you only get one attempt for each set of stones and the stones are hard to get. lilith has almost no penalty for as many attempts as you want.
easier than lilith
he seems great
cool
absolutely!
how can this be called a “continuing resolution” if it includes a 40% pay increase for congress?
make it easy to figure out which is the good side!
total madness
cool
ever seen a bigger piece of pork?
this bill should not pass
it’s so crazy
the coastal karens can go suck eggs 😂
cool
yeah, this is super messed up!
true
nobody wanted pompeo
just means that responses on 𝕏 are usually more combative and edgy than other platforms
bound to happen irl sigh
that pulitzer prize was awarded for articles that were cruel and absurd lies btw
nice
lmao
congrats falcon team!
cake
ai can read it and summarize problematic areas in minutes. you can upload it as a pdf or even take pics with your phone.
yikes
i knew there was something fishy going on
by far. a flying car is just a helicopter with wheels.
yeah, this explains a lot. shame on . paid propaganda!
free your friends from the sadness generating propaganda machine that is legacy media and get them on 𝕏 so they know what’s really happening!
this is real?
made with
guess who this is? 🤣🤣
true
needs some polish (still an early access game), but poe2 is excellent
this is the way
tried three times so far to beat the +1 version, but failed
you can definitely game on mars, but speed of light means no real-time gaming between earth and mars. distance varies from ~4 to ~20 light-minutes.
spiritborn this season feels incredible
path of exile 2, arbiter of ash. played over in an airplane. starlink is so good that you can play real-time video games while airborne!
grok can explain almost anything!
that was a bit embarrassing 😂
yes, we added the ability to zoom in and rewind to live streams
😂 has great potential, especially as they smooth out the rough edges. game is still early access. i will play the new season of diablo when it comes out.
testing streaming on x via starlink
💯 is awesome
the apple didn’t fall far from the tree
support for dni!
the president was being very generous. her societal impact is actually negative.
great
lmao. the person actually writing these things from pocahontas are sbf’s parents btw.
true
indeed
interesting
bubble needs to be popped
deep state traitors are coming after me, using their paid shills in legacy media. i prefer not to start fights, but i do end them …
yes, this is how all company and country leaders should use 𝕏! direct communication is the best way to get your message to the public, without having to go through the legacy media negativity filter.
indeed
testing raptoe rocket engine restart for orbit changes
exactly
time for massive reform in britain!
true
lmao
true
his statement is only valid for people who would not be in physical danger or not be fired if they used their real name
people like blanc are racists, plain &amp; simple. ironic name if there ever was one 😂
please stop using hashtags. the system doesn’t need them anymore and they look ugly.
yeah
gravy supertanker
fidias fights for free speech in europe!
impressive
my, how the tables have turned! 😂
nice
corrupt legacy media, paid for by deep state democrats!
the beams were never on in the first place
yeah
that’s illegal. what company is this?
yes, this needs to stop
correct
absolutely
this is false. starlink satellite beams are turned off over india.
true
and it only gets better from here
we would have bought back more stock, but wanted to allow some new investors to join
it kills the art
nice
she should sing her verdicts
she should sing her verdicts
yeah 😂
pretty much
true
good for you and russ!
“that’s what she said” lol
you have that backwards. deepmind acquired google.
true
yes!! ron paul ftw 🇺🇸🇺🇸
dragon undocks from and returns to earth
community notes curb stomp
probably &gt;180 falcon launches in 2025
even the “reusable” parts of sts were so difficult to refurbish that the cost per ton to orbit was significantly worse than saturn v, which was fully expendable. unfortunately, sts greatly set back the cause of reusability, because it made people think reusability was dumb.
interesting
congratulations!
who is this guy? he has foaming-at-the-mouth level tds lmao.
try it, you’ll like it …
exactly
cool
now that is a boss battle!
yikes
ancient times
doge
cable porn
true
amazing
pretty much
she’s an activist cosplaying as a judge
so true
absolutely!
the long arc will soon come full circle
try the latest tesla self-driving software. it will blow your mind.
he is such a tool 🤮
absolutely!
at some point in the future, i think that will happen
also inevitable 🤣🤣
now that is a boss battle!
interesting
true
the system will ensure that your phone always has connectivity. no more cell phone dead zones!
if you pay organizations according to the number of homeless people they “manage”, you create an incentive to maximize the number of homeless people, which is exactly what happened here
good questions
looks impressive
we are so tiny
makes no sense
interesting
very interesting interview
exactly
nice work
cool
so true
probably over 20k of the next-gen starlink satellites will be deployed by then
thanks robin!
$11b for a system with less than 5% of starlink’s capability and it is only operational in 5 years best case …
bitterness leads to bad decisions
indeed
awesome
seriously
very important to achieve a balanced budget!
true
tesla has the best real-world ai by far
that’s exactly what we are going to do
in the road?
nice of him to say that
indeed, yes! clearly describe the falsehoods and “sly” ambiguities or beat a hasty street, sir.
true
great question. check the dnc donor list.
it was an honor to pay my respects to akie abe, widow of pm abe, upon her visit to mar-a-lago to have dinner with and . my condolences to the people of japan for their loss. 🇯🇵
grok can even explain drones over new jersey!
💯 even though you are fake in-n-out, i hope the real one listens
indeed
strange, as google was in the best position to solve for an ai self-driving solution
indeed
won’t be cgi for long
preparing starship 7 for flight
that is super racist
beautiful
absolutely
interesting
powerful
dancing in armor can’t be easy
schiff is a criminal
grok
true
thanks ro!
spacex is the railroad that will enable millions of opportunities for others on mars, just like the union pacific railroad did for california
true
cool
might happen
this person is extremely dumb
i hope they succeed
true
interesting. we need to rethink how messaging, including email, works overall.
yes, if action is not taken to curb the deficit, america is in deep trouble. no different than a person who gets into too much debt.
tap on the box with a slash for grok to explain any post
yeah. on the list of things to do.
grok can explain almost anything
try the free grok api
definitely the right move
exactly. this guy is such a retard.
true
it’s ~120m tall today. probably grows another ~20m over time.
starship is gigantic
and grok 3 will be a major leap forward
yeah
indeed
cool
yeah
long overdue!
thanks!
try grok for answering any question, creating any images &amp; analyzing any images, even medical scans! it’s by far the best at answers requiring latest information, due to integration with 𝕏. you’ll be surprised at how much grok can do &amp; it only gets better from here!
the colossus team is great. thanks also to the many contractors, the tva and others who have helped make it happen!
yeah
true
may or may not be most consequential – history will be the judge – but probably within the top 5. buying twitter caused me mega pain, but it had to be done to ensure humanity took the good fork in the road.
so crazy. they need to restart/rebuild fission and greatly increase power output.
well-articulated analysis of . important edit: bit rate and patient number will increase hyperexponentially over the next 5+ years. my guess is combined i/o bit rate &gt; 1mbs and augmented humans &gt;1m by 2030.
i will join too
english has the highest bit rate if both parties in the conversation have a large vocabulary. english has the greatest number of words to describe things by a significant margin. the more single words you have that can substitute for many words, or even a whole phrase,
agreed!
will be a great game
that is the goal. this platform only seems to”right-wing” to the left.
not yet
congratulations!
happens to me all the time 😂
i don’t want any prizes
i was at the table! good conversation.
exactly
will fix
they will
i think so. great pic 🥰
22 more starlinks
100th rocket landing this year
true
yes, time for an upgrade
wow, that is crazy money! no way it will be spent well.
that would actually impact the space program 😂
yann lecan’t is 1000% lurking on 𝕏 rn 🤣🤣
such a long line of grovelers 🤣🤣
true
that seems to be a de facto prisoner exchange, although there could be other factors
true
this is not even the tip of the iceberg. taxpayers are going to be mad as hell when they learn more!
one of the challenges with full plate armor is that it is rather awkward to walk around in and makes a clanking sound
tesla self-driving is getting extremely good
nice
lil x leans into the mic to say “would!”
𝕏 messaging &amp; calling is not used for advertising in any way
good metaphor
use grok to create an interesting image prompt and then ask for that image. well, well, well …
[shakes fist at cloud] 🤣
there is 0% chance they were asked
absolutely
oh yeah, well i’m stealing it back after stealing it! 😂
alien spaceships controlled by iran obv
cool
99% of earth has no idea. it’s like having a cat that looks semi-normal, but can actually sing and dance like puss in boots. until you actually see it sing and dance, you won’t believe it.
they have no choice but to let that sink in 🤣
the path to overwhelming victory is clear, but a massive amount of work remains
good for
i wonder what happened
seriously 😂 and the penalty for too many clicks/sec is you get executed immediately! i think this will get patched.
accurate
biggest vibe shift i’ve ever seen. the code in the matrix is being patched.
those in the matrix don’t yet understand that the matrix can be reprogrammed – indeed, that is the only path to victory. k maru.
cool
he’s not actually antivax, but he does believe vaccines should be immune from scientific scrutiny, which is … scientific
yes. many innocent babes who are dems don’t understand this, because they don’t understand what has become of the democratic party.
yeah
wasn’t even using a macro lol
located in bastrop, texas
american education has been broken for a quarter century
whoa
exactly
that is the goal
dead space t-shirt
true
haha amazing 🔥🔥
mayhem sounds kinda fun
best memes of last week
record-breaking usage of 𝕏!
lmao
for some reason, the legacy media only has left and far-right, but “right” 😂
questions on 𝕏 will generate interesting responses. this is a pvp game.
spengler did too much reasoning from historical examples and not enough reasoning from first principles. the role of technology is not properly appreciated by most historians, as they have no idea how physics actually works. it all seems like magic to them.
great
true
yeah
that was a miscarriage of justice. any da who knowingly prosecutes innocent people, deliberately hiding evidence of their innocence, should spend a long time in prison.
try making images with grok!
true
yeah
the simulation difficulty is set to extremely hard … but not impossible
it’s true
i will play diablo again when the new season is released. polytopia was taking up too much of my brain space even when i wasn’t playing it.
woke bullshit kills art, because it is a lie
it’s annoying when chomsky is right
there are some haunting passages in the iain banks book “the player of games” about how in this alien civilization everything seemed normal on the surface, but, as you cracked deeper layers of encryption, it became clear that the elites were sadistic pedophiles. but that was an
path of exile 2 is awesome
yeah
yeah
this is a grave mistake indeed. my apologies, will address!
recycling is pointless
false
big field
space is really big
yup, sure is
will send gensler an original vinyl of this song
🎶 regulators … mount up! 🎶
i couldn’t agree more
i bet he played a role in the “steele dossier” scam
have to say that is a hall-of-famer
peace should have been sought long before now
oops 😂
this is messed up
a (hot) woman grabbed my 🍆 once at a microsoft office party when i was 19 … memorable.
which means it must be true!
peter is right on all counts
same
it will get longer and improve in performance in every way over the next 12 months
if we survive another ~8000 years, that will be a miracle
this is cool, but i am quite certain that chess can be fully solved, like checkers
nice. have you tried ?
yeah
cp/m, you say? … haven’t heard that name in years …
some gems in this thread 🥰😂
will fix
wow, sorry to hear that. life is fragile.
it’s so insane 🤯
it’s time i confessed that this is my alt account 😂
that is a crazy price per truck
grok groks
congrats! great game.
the awful irony is that a bunch of the money that was stolen probably went to obtaining the pardon
influential donors
many lessons there
what an awful human being she is
true
look mom, i made a city!
🔥🔥 true!
unreal
grok now produces 4 images simultaneously &amp; renders them progressively
it’s awesome
spacex hq will now officially be in the city of starbase, texas!
your tesla can now drive you from your house in one complex city to another house in a different complex city
grok can now analyze posts on 𝕏. update your app &amp; tap on the slash icon.
the spartans replying to macedon were more succinct
me too
exactly
😂 not wrong
what’s the difference between a “right-wing conspiracy” and reality? about 6 months.
absolutely
ultimate success is building a civilization on mars that can continue to grow even if resupply ships from earth stop coming. that gets us past the single-planet fermi great filter. along the way, there are of course many milestones of success that are significant from a
asked to draw a picture of . very flattering, i think!
oh gary, how could you do this to me? 🥹
the current system is incredibly inefficient, providing mediocre medical care at a high price
legacy media lies
any file transfer should be possible
many such cases. if you give evil people a get-out-of-jail-free card, they will use it.
great idea
true
😂 happens to me all the time
what!?
the user interface is initially too complicated and difficulty ramp is too steep for those who don’t play a lot of games. that said, they have improved or are rapidly planning to improve the most problematic aspects of the game. it will be highly polished by the time it is out
it is evolving rapidly and in the right direction
exactly
correct
yeah
major design improvement. lighter, easier to manufacture and less susceptible to high heating.
cool
our civilization must pass the single planet extinction risk great filter
justice will be served
the most ironic outcome is the most likely
concerning
unreal
it is
puberty blockers are a horrific crime against children and those who push them are criminals
the sec is just another weaponized institution doing political dirty work
with significant continued work, i think it is possible for people to walk and use their arms again
grok can explain meme jokes
there are thousands of ridiculous rules like this
you can predict the future accurately with many orders of magnitude less precision than that. the best definition of ntelligence is simply the ability to predict the future imo.
who let the out? 😂 sorry, couldn’t resist that joke. yeah, doesn’t sound like they’re focused on their job.
absolutely
it’s awesome
absolutely
let us know about wasteful government spending and unnecessary regulations!
grok can even tell from a photograph which is real or counterfeit money
legal immigration of talented, hardworking and honest people will be expedited in this administration
congratulations, it was great working with you on this!
absolutely
legacy media viewership drops while 𝕏 rises
cool
great idea
idiocracy is happening sooner than expected
how ironic that the legacy media &amp; “experts” were predicting that this platform would be the one to go offline
community notes ftw again
the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth is critical to the evaluation of any ai model
very impressive rate of improvement &amp; well-written patch notes! 🎩 off
🇺🇸🇺🇸 extremely true 🇺🇸🇺🇸
that’s adorable 🥰
💯 also, there is something to be said for a more randomized outcome. sometimes, the genetic mutation that seems like an error is anything but.
looks cool
great shot
there were so articles about how tesla was definitely going bankrupt!
absolutely
preparing for starship 7
that’s coming
amazing 😂
totally agree
absolutely
epic
one of the most fundamental questions
as foretold in the prophecy 🙏
it was inevitable 😂
cool
wow, extremely illegal!
he’s such an insufferable tool. won’t be in power for much longer.
gail is right
absolutely
interesting
and then reforged it before anyone noticed
using laser eyes from space
yeah
i don’t know about this. what does “processed” mean? sugar is obviously addictive, but that fact is hardly top secret.
that is a major factor
good for gemma
too bad, that was one of their best posts!
😂 same
not every post is shown to every user, but bangers do numbers
of course. that’s a sure sign that the woke mind virus controls her brain.
shame on them. every victim of such crimes should sue the board members in their individual capacity.
yeah
not teslas, once unsupervised fsd starts to happen next year
did you know about 𝕏 radar to measure trends? you can use it to track mentions of technologies, products, stocks or anything.
consider joining the team to build the best real-world ai
yeah
beautiful
i wonder if this request will result in more or fewer harlot pics
no, i definitely melted it down 1000%
absolutely crucial
arxiv papers mentioning in the abstract
a single world government would be a nightmare from which there would be no escape
yeah
same
absolutely
it is a monument to bureaucracy
what’s really crazy about this is that almost no investors wanted to sell shares even at a $350b valuation! spacex reduced the amount of shares it bought back from employees in order to allow some new investors in.
a lot of people will complain about this post, but i am right
congratulations!
congratulations!
absolutely
you are the media now
on web for now, but coming to phones soon
a grok button to proofread and offer enhancements to your posts, including images, is coming
that does sound weird, but there are ~100 million homes in america, so all the above combined is still a small percentage
searches for , made by , just exceeded 50% of searches for chapgpt
cool
grok is basedgpt
true
99% of cars will be electric and autonomous in the future. manually-driven gasoline cars will be like riding a horse while using a flip phone. still happens, but it’s rare.
based.
cool 😎
great
rockets too
nothing would do more to improve the health, lifespan and quality of life for americans than making glp inhibitors super low cost to the public. nothing else is even close.
teslas have the highest amount of american content
great
government overspending is what causes inflation. if government waste is stopped, there will be no inflation.
wow, congratulations 🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷
😂 awesome
lot of truth to that
only companies who make autonomous cars will survive
team is grinding super hard
it will only get better
true
lies are quickly corrected on this platform
very important concept!
turns out you do actually need to prosecute crime who knew 🤷‍♂️
sounds familiar 😂
interesting days
tesla is absurdly efficient at inference, because we’re limited by a ~200w in-car computer and actually can’t brute force a solution with several kw of nvidia gpus
very few manually driven cars will be sold in the future
how much have we sent so far? this is getting beyond crazy.
achieving a general solution to autonomy is a very hard problem, especially doing so without making the car super expensive
cool
this is awesome 🚀🇺🇸
i’ve always felt that the climate predictions were too pessimistic and bound to backfire. extreme environmentalists can’t say ridiculous things like the world is doomed in 5 years, because 5 years goes by, the world is ok and they lose credibility. if we transition to
yes, please. this is gone on for too long. enough.
i’m not buying or building a house anywhere
cool
try making memes and uploading any image for an explanation of what it means. literally anything.
impressive
cool
the lawfare continues
starlink is in a different league
congratulations!
cool
grok image generation just got a major upgrade
subscribe now!
cool
congrats
garbage publication
in most cases, the word “homeless” is a lie. it’s usually a propaganda word for violent drug addicts with severe mental illness.
thanks for fighting for sanity!
the could do it for 1000x less money
exactly
spicy 🌶️ 😂
when is the first electoral opportunity?
you are the media now
you can ask grok questions about any current events and receive an accurate response with as much detail as you’d like
starlink now in cape verde
you can upload anything from a phone picture of your blood test results to an mri or x-ray and grok will analyze it for you
rookie numbers
exactly
i’m not an investor, i’m a technology accelerationist
you can also upload any image to grok, including memes, and it will explain what they mean
not generated by ai
i think so
that’s fine
noted
nice
interesting question for grok
how did they know it was the right answer?
grok 3 is training with 10x more compute
i don’t read the legacy news anymore. it’s just sadness-generating propaganda.
interesting
create awesome memes super fast using grok! just tap on the square with the slash.
true
yes, great work
the guys who were building my gulag must be so disappointed 😂
in the style of banksy
amazing 🤩
nice 😂
we should unwind this imo
much better for sleep … and everything
i’ve heard from a few people now that quantum computing is showing real promise
my predictions on that front are, if anything, conservative
demented nightmare fuel 🤣🤣
if tesla does become the world’s most valuable company by far, that short position will bankrupt even bill gates
yup. that obviously needs to stop.
yeah
yeah, major problem
cool
the crazy thing is that they thought i was crazy for stating this super obvious prediction
the “save the homeless” ngos are often paid according to how many homeless people are on the streets, thus creating a strong financial incentive for them to maximize the number of homeless people and never actually solve the problem! incentives explain outcomes.
true
subscribe to 𝕏 !
interesting
this will change the look of cities
it all comes full circle
very sensible improvements
grok only gets better from here. a lot better.
time to clean up this humongous mess!
congratulations!
almost everyone i know in san francisco has been threatened or violently assaulted on the streets and/or had a home invasion
illegal by city, state or federal standards?
this illustrates why the term “homeless” is misleading. the vast majority of those on the streets are there due to severe drug addiction and/or mental illness. the issue not that they got a little behind in their mortgage payments and would be back on their feet if someone just
either term is generally a euphemism for mentally ill drug zombies. both “homeless” and “unhoused” imply that housing is the problem, but the vast majority of the time that is false.
community notes ftw again
great work by tesla china
that roof was the best possible sniper position, but was left unguarded
i don’t want to be on any magazine covers
cool
great, they were one of the worst first amendment offenders!
congratulations!
nice work, guys!
the current administration is doing everything possible to prevent government efficiency, but is inevitable
much appreciated
this happened without my knowledge. looking into it.
interesting discussion
i super don’t want this
getting ready for flight 7
yeah
i forgot to mention that optimus was doing this while “blindfolded”. we haven’t yet made vision part of the control loop for uneven terrain. optimus robots are regularly cruising around our workplace in palo alto where vision is used for static &amp; dynamic object avoidance.
great work by the image generation team
the tslaq went q
try grok image generation (codename aurora)
that will probably happen. any self-respecting civilization should at least reach kardashev type ii. in my opinion, we are currently only at &lt;5% of type i. to get to ~30%, we would need to place solar panels in all desert or highly arid regions.
optimus can now walk on highly variable ground using neural nets to control its electric limbs. join if you want to work on interesting real-world ai systems.
note: we are deleting the name of the internal image generation system (aurora). just think of grok as doing anything.
cool
she is controlled by the mind virus
the problem is that after the sheep are eaten, they will eat you &amp; your family too
the image generation system was developed internally in ~6 months
true
exactly
yeah. it kinda hurts my brain to play poe2, because it looks a lot like diablo, but the optimization mechanisms are very different. will take a few weeks to feel normal. diablo’s interface is also more polished. poe will get there over time.
this seems cool
if we don’t fix the deficit, everything will suffer, including essential spending like dod, medicare &amp; social security. it’s not optional.
the true number of people working for the federal government is much higher, as contractors outnumber official employees
maybe not the primary purpose, but certainly at least secondary
do those who actually make the silicon work at home? no.
the wellspring of the mind virus is academia
it’s the only way
precision
yeah
some of the government software is over half a century old 🤯
i wish. unfortunately, it’s much worse than that.
the government is actually massively overpaying for software that doesn’t work
summa cum average
yeah
should we really?
some of it is intentional. most of it is just a natural consequence of a vast bureaucracy with no accountability for results. if it were mostly intentional, it would be easy to reverse.
this is so crazy
full report;
mind-blowing report:
the federal government computers &amp; software are in such bad shape that they often cannot verify that payments are not fraud, waste or abuse! that’s why the government can’t pass basic audits. they often literally don’t know where your tax dollars went. it’s insane. my preferred
cool
maybe we’re already there
what are some examples?
so true
you are the media now. they are the past.
very important to hear this. forward to friends.
demonstrate tesla self-driving to a friend tomorrow. it feels like magic.
that’s weird
tsla shorts reciting litany against fear rn 😂
might actually be
true
speedrunning reprogramming the matrix
it’s the only way
it’s wild
the world is going mad
it is obviously a major problem
our tax dollars are somehow funding both sides (again)
accurate
wow, impressive progress
explaining to heads of state that i play video games for fun is not easy. they look at me like i’m either joking, retarded or both 🤣🤣
the government is more broken than you could possibly imagine
true
this would be a good one
make consciousness multiplanetary
the flag thing has gone way too far 😂 it is unequivocally an esthetic nightmare at this point!
buzbee sounds tough and determined
true
all done with zero ai. not bad for a bunch of monkeys!
there will ultimately be tens of millions of driverless teslas throughout the world giving rides 24/7
😂 different worlds …
this kid has great instincts
yeah
whoa
😂 it is good. kinda hurts my brain, because it looks similar to diablo, but works very differently.
hey babe wyd
congratulations!
nice
good list. the culture books by banks are the best envisioning of ai i’ve ever read by far.
such a great scene
concerning
😂 at some point, it will be real though
yeah
a classic 😂
that is what it was designed for
perfectly articulated by !
based
that anecdote is accurate
at this point, i’m just confused. i have no idea what they even mean 🤷‍♂️
if the product is special enough, no logo is needed
turns out police are very important
another 23 starlink satellites in orbit
nice
the sheer magnitude and breadth of the scams in government are mind-blowing
there were some exceptions
hardcore druid clear time (at least for now)
make orwell fiction again
very much in agreement. it was an honor to speak.
my hardcore diablo druid died today 😢 uploading his last pit clear in memoriam. rip lil buddy 🪦
what’s wrong with germany?
why no conservative media?
ron is right
why are we doing this when our own country is so deeply in debt?
you will be happier for it
someone should tell her that there is a cure now for toxoplasmosis
such a sore loser 😂
true
not for me
inevitable
crazy people
the new model 3p is a hall-of-famer. will give you more joy than any other possession.
nice
is ultra hardcore
this is profound
wow, that’s insanely bad
true
wow, 32 hours …
“just a flesh wound”
this is our internal image generation system. still in beta, but it will improve fast.
cool
cool
just the beta version, but it will improve very fast
it’s gotten worse over time
nope
cool ❤️
😂 i look forward to having a real conversation with bernie. we have some agreements and disagreements, but i think he wants the best thing for the people.
two years ago, i commissioned an art piece: a fork in the road. had to make sure that civilization took the path most likely to pass the fermi great filters.
it was damn close. that was a fork in the road.
one of my snl sketch ideas was “woke james bond”. sadly, this has become reality.
little eric here suffers from a classic case of the zero-sum game fallacy. the reality is that creating a trillion dollar company from nothing generates wealth for millions of people. and the reason the company is worth so much is that it makes great products &amp; services that
first customer service complaint: ~3800 year ago 😂
that is super racist
that’s what happens when the dmv runs healthcare
easy a
that’s what they tried to do
in general, we should stay out of foreign wars, unless world peace is threatened
protecting kids should always be priority
what the heck?
strangulation of the nation by overregulation
power must return to the people. rule of democracy, not rule of bureaucracy!
it is the only way
even my competitors know that i will not use the system against them
not even close to final form
the woke mind virus runs deep at google
a reasonable request
21 years ago
x has a heart of gold
his career is over
what a scam
the npcs are just a blinking cursor rn
anyone done a venn diagram of these two lists? 😂
madness
was it ever not a lie?
beautiful
i lost count of how many celebrity endorsements and “billionaires” kamala had supporting her. they were all decisively defeated.
remember when the legacy media all said that the guy who is still technically president was “sharp as a tack”?
i keep meaning to go to sleep, but this app keeps me awake 😂
correct
ron is not wrong
indeed
actually true!
you are the media now
why is their dialogue tree so limited!?
great movie
wtf is this 🤡 talking about!? won the popular vote
well said
doge &amp; minidoge
i love this photo
🤣🤣 great question! money isn’t real. good &amp; services are.
the mentat prepares for war
(minus looking all weird &amp; stuff)
x will be a guild navigator
he was lying the whole time
wow, the daily mail is so out of touch. they are just actually this meme 😂
seriously 😂 but is actually going to do a lot of good.
she looks like a deeply troubled person
many don’t even know where the office is!
the joker is in charge
true, especially the last part
many such cases
how did something so harmful to children get approved?
kwisatz haderach vibes
we are dumb
happy to do it. the alternative was super bleak for the world.
clown world
you’re welcome 😂
monk my name is monkebizznizz 😂
does not fear the storm. it is the storm.
poe2 is the love child of elden ring &amp; diablo
😂 that’s only twice as many as lied publicly about the hunter biden laptop. let’s go for 10x!! lmaooo
absolutely 🇺🇸🇺🇸
that was a great event
we should just generally get the government out of the way
indeed
whatever happens … don’t let it ruin your day
we have so many space lasers! any this is &lt;10% of final number.
yeah
will address this with full transparency for the american people
seriously
the future looks bright
cool 😎
they were quite expecting such a massive thundering horde of players 😂
truer words were never spoken 😂
fair 😂
this is next-level 💩 😂
they are right
thanks ken!
yeah
how depressing
yeah
entropy is the ultimate boss battle
free yourself
i hope the servers don’t melt 😂
hard not to like . he puts country over party.
most math of relevance was figured out by physicists
yeah
this would matter if anyone was actually in the office 😂
this needs to be fixed. should be rule by democracy, not rule by bureaucracy!
absolutely
he’s a tough negotiator 😂
indeed, congratulations david!
to improve the true economy, which is output of useful products &amp; services, we need to shift people from low to negative productivity jobs in government to high productivity jobs in the private sector! this is what really matters at a fundamental level.
if we don’t tackle the exponential growth in national debt, there will be no money for anything, including essential services!
literally thousands of empty buildings, not just in america, but around the world, paid for with your tax dollars!
thank you for your many years of hard work on improving government efficiency! super helpful for .
&amp; doge jr
excellent discussion about solving the national debt crisis
thank you!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
great meeting!
teach ‘em young! lil x is having a great time.
lil x is tough as nails!
very concerning
outrageous
we are living in the joker
if you exclude security guards &amp; maintenance personnel, the number of government workers who show up in person and do 40 hours of work a week is closer to 1%! almost no one.
surely you can’t be sirius? 😂
exactly
people have been brainwashed into civilizational suicide
this is a big part of the reason your children are not getting a good education
the new york times is woke warmonger propaganda 🤮
much appreciated
nice
we can clearly save people by exiting people who say this sort of thing 😂
shouldn’t the american people be getting getting their money’s worth?
you could do way more than a trillion that way
yeah
yeah
brilliant idea💡
just trying to get to measly 1% completion of a puny kardashev type i civilization!
nope, at least 1 biiillioon gpus! 😂
seriously
must be a coincidence 🙄
republicans were supposed to lose the house thus cycle. this is still a good outcome.
definitely a troll 😂
my neural net (aka gut feel) prediction of the future was negative if i didn’t buy twitter, but positive if i did, so had to be done.
the first starlink satellite direct to cell phone constellation is now complete. this will enable unmodified cellphones to have internet connectivity in remote areas. bandwidth per beam is only ~10mb, but future constellations will be much more capable.
it’s a start, but still peanuts on the kardashev scale
wow, this is crazy
i like to be close to my companies
impressive
true
true
350 rocket booster reflights
yeah
true
sure does
because pbs *is* the far left 😂
sure does!
so far, so good
the iss requires a lot of care and feeding. time to say goodbye and move on to the moon and mars.
interesting
singapore (and many other countries) are going extinct
50% increase in government contract expenditures in only 6 years!
tax complexity looks like a rocket going to the moon!
they clearly misunderstood the instructions: supposed to be came to work, not came at work!!
starlink’s giant latency advantage is the real killer. current starlink satellites at ~550km are ~65 times closer than geosynchronous satellites. our next generation satellites will be at ~350km, so &gt;100 times closer.
yeah, xx or xy!
cool
yeah, forcing it on people is not cool
ok, that would be cool
sure
cool
congrats!
😂 took me a few minutes to find out where my favorites folder went!
the new imessage reaction emojis are not good
he is a man high ability and integrity
congratulations !
the people clearly voted for change
clearly
massive waste in healthcare spending
defund the aclu
sterilizing minor children before the age of consent is deeply wrong and many who had surgery now greatly regret it.
this is messed up. shame on aclu!
thanks 🙏
true
they are great
she is openly racist
yeah
yeah
dark mode is the way
just a polygon in the limit
true
they went long on the dong!
true
must be a coincidence 🙄
too many laws &amp; regulations
absolutely true
well done
terrible
truth is stranger (and funnier) than fiction 😂
true
exactly
extreme birth rate collapse is the biggest danger to human civilization by far
she’s a radical far left activist cosplaying as a judge
true
yeah, this is shocking
so true
cool
cool
rep. khanna is a sensible moderate
nice work!
america is headed for de facto bankruptcy very fast
lawfare
sigh
wow, that’s terrible!
cool
thanks jason
interesting thread
the scale of spending on illegal immigration boggles the mind!
totally crazy
haha wow
shareholders should control company votes, not judges
cool
she is an activist posing as a judge
absolutely
absolutely
exactly